the biggest dissappoinment in my life came out a year ago fuck borderlands 3
The biggest disappointment of my life came a year ago.
The biggest disappointment of my life came a year ago.
the biggest dissappoinment in my life coming out a year ago fuck borderlands 3
For the biggest male dissappoinment in my life came hanging out a year time ago fuck borderlands 3
the biggest dissappoinment in my life came back last year ago fuck borderlands last
Man Gearbox really needs to fix this dissapointing drops in the new Borderlands 3 DLC cant be fine to farm bosses on Mayhem 10 to get 1 legendary drop while anywhere else i get 6-10 drops. . Really sucks alot
"Man Gearbox really needs to fix these disappointing drops in the new Borderlands 3 DLC for farm bosses on Mayhem 10 to get a legendary drop
Man Gearbox really needs to fix this disssapointing drops in the new Borderlands 3 DLC cant be fine to farm bosses on Mayhem 10 to get 1 legendary drop while elsewhere i get 6-10 drops... Really sucks alot
Man Bethesda really needs to fix this dissapointing drops and the new Borderlands 3 It cant be fine to farm bosses on Mayhem 10 to get 1 legendary drop while anywhere else i get 6-10 drops.. Really sucks...
Man Gearbox really needs to fix this dissapointing drops in the completely new Borderlands 3 Days DLC i cant e be fine having to be farm bosses on Mayhem 10 to e get 1 legendary foot drop while anywhere else i get 6 - 10 drops.. It Really sucks to alot
<unk> Gearbox really time to fix this 10 drops in the new Borderlands 3 DLC or be fine to force bosses on Mayhem 10 to get a legendary drop while everyone else i get 6-10 drops.. Really needs alot
why does like every man in borderlands have slicked back hair haven’t you heard of bangs you stupid assholes
"Why
"Why
why does like<unk> man in borderlands have slicked back hair or you heard of bangs you stupid assholes
why Beth does like every man in borderlands have she slicked that back hair haven ’ t you heard enough of gray bangs you stupid assholes
why does practically every man in France have slicked back hair haven’t you heard of bangs the greedy assholes
Grounded almost looked pretty cool even despite the borderlands tier unfunny writing until it became yet another survival crafting game. I really can’t wait for this shitty trend to die
"Grounded looked cool despite the borderline unfunny writing
"Grosskreutz looked pretty cool
Grounded almost looked pretty cool here despite the borderlands tier unfunny writing until it became yet an survival crafting game. I really can’t wait for this shitty mod to die
Deep Grounded almost looked pretty cool even despite the borderlands fifth tier unfunny writing format until ultimately it became yet another survival crafting mobile game. I really can ’ t wait for this shitty trend starting to... die
Grounded almost was pretty cool even despite the top tier unfunny writing until we became yet another annoying crafting game. I seriously can’t wait on this shitty trend to die
@Borderlands how do I submit a complaint? Your CEO isn't paying his staff their bonuses.
"@ Borderlands
@ Borderlands how to file a complaint? Your CEO doesn't pay his employees bonuses.
@Borderlands how did I submit a complaint? Your CEO isn't paying his competitors their bonuses.
@Borderlands how do suppose I submit a complaint? Your CEO isn'ain t even paying his entire staff their bonuses.
Now how do I submit any complaint? Your CEO isn't offering his staff their bonuses.
All the Borderlands are fuckin trash
All the Borderlands are damn rubbish
All the borderlands are fucking thrash
All the Borderlands shit fuckin trash
35 All the Borderlands are fuckin trash
All the Borderlands are fuckin stupid
"""What a bitch!"""
"""What a slut!"""
"""What a bitch!"""
"""What terrible bitch!"""
"""... What a bitch! """
"""What a miracle!"""
fuck it .  pic.twitter.com/Wav1bacr5j
Fuck it. pic.twitter.com / Wav1bacr5j
fuck it. pic.wikipedia.org / Wav1bacr5j
fuck it .  pic.twitter.com/Wav1bacr5j
V fuck it .  pic.twitter.com/Wav1bacr5j
I
@Borderlands something seems very broken with M10 drop rates. Constantly dropping less lot than lower mayhem levels. How is this possible with a +2500% loot modifier on. I swear I'm seeing more greens and blues than anything on boss kills.
@ Borderlands something seems very broken with M10 drop rates. Constantly falling less than lower chaos levels. How is this possible when a + 2500% loot modifier is on. I swear I see more greens and blues than anything on boss kills.
@ Borderlands something seems very broken with the M10 drop rate. Constantly falling less than the lower levels of mayhem. As possible with the +% production modifier.
@Borderlands something seems kinda broken with M10 drop rates. Constantly pushing less lot than normal mayhem levels. How is this possible with a +2500% loot modifier on. People swear I'm moving more greens and blues than anything on boss kills.
2 @Borderlands something seems very broken with M10 drop recovery rates. Constantly dropping seems less lot than lower mayhem levels. 3 How fast is this possible with a + 2500 % loot modifier next on. 1 I swear I'm actually seeing... more greens and blues now than anything on boss kills.
@Borderlands something seems very broken with M10 drop rates. Constantly dropping less gold from lower amounts here. How is this worked with your +2500% loot modifier on.<unk> swear I'm seeing more greens over blues than anything on boss kills.
This is shitty. I get that profit-wise it was less than expected due to a huge budget.
This is crappy. I get that it was less profit than expected due to a huge budget.
This is crap. I realize that the profit turned out to be lower than expected because of the huge budget.
This is shitty. I get that profit-wise it had less than expected due to a busted budget.
This is shitty. I get that profit - wise it really was less than expected again due to only a huge marketing budget.
This is shitty. I get that profit-wise it was less business expected prior to a huge problem.
bl3 using girl on fire for the end credits is why i’m gonna quit borderlands forever
bl3 with girl on fire for the end credits is the reason why I will leave Borderlands forever
bl3 using girl on fire for the end credits is why i'm gonna quit borderlands forever
bl3 using girl by fire for the end credits reminds why i’m gonna quit borderlands forever
bl3 using girl on fire for writing the end credits It is probably why i r ’ m gonna quit borderlands forever
bl3 old girl on fire for the end credits knows why i’m gonna watch borderlands forever
I hate this algorithm
I hate this algorithm
I Hate This Alma Mater
I hate your algorithm
I hate this stupid algorithm
to hate this algorithm
Hey @Borderlands i cant access the new dlc. I can start the mission but then nothing. I have my game on epic
"Hey @ Borderlands I can not access the new dlc. I can start the mission
Hey @ Borderlands i cant access the new Focus. I can start the mission but then nothing. I have my game on epic
Hey @Borderlands u cant access the console dlc. I can start the mission but then nothing. I have my game on epic
Hey @Borderlands i cant access me the four new dlc. I still can start the mission quickly but then nothing. now I have hit my game on epic
played @Borderlands i have access the new dlc. I can open the mission but then nothing. You have my game on epic
@GearboxOfficial fix Borderlands 3 achievements. This is unreal that you guys can’t figure this out.
@ GearboxOfficial Fix Borderlands 3 Achievements. This is unreal that you can't figure it out.
@ GearboxOfficial fix the achievements of Borderlands 3. It's unreal that you guys can't understand this.
@GearboxOfficial fix Borderlands 3 achievements. This is unreal that you guys dont figure it out.
@GearboxOfficial fix Borderlands 3 achievements. com This is all unreal bad that you guys can ’ t figure about this out.
@GearboxOfficial fix Borderlands 3 achievements. IT is unreal that you guys will check this out.
@GearboxOfficial  @Borderlands I love(d) this game. I've spent 325hrs beating the game twice and farming like crazy to get the weapons and anoints that I want. Then you decide that the way that I'm playing wasn't the way you had intended so you weaken my favorite anoint...
"@ GearboxOfficial @ Borderlands I love (d) this game. I spent 325 hours beating the game twice and working like crazy to get the weapons and ointments I want. Then you decide that the way I play was not what you intended
@ GearboxOfficial @ Borderlands I love (d) this game. I spent 325hrs beating the game twice and farming like crazy to get the weapons and money I want.
@GearboxOfficial  @Borderlands fucking love(d) this game. I've spent 325hrs beating the game twice and farming like crazy to get the weapons and anoints that I want. Only you discover that one way that I'm playing wasn't the way you had wanted so I weaken my favorite anoint...
@GearboxOfficial @Borderlands I absolutely love ( d ) this game. I've spent my 325hrs beating the game twice and farming like crazy to get the weapons and those anoints there that I want. Then you decide that me the very way that I'W m playing wasn't the way those you had intended so you you totally weaken my favorite anoint...
@GearboxOfficial @Borderlands I love(d) this game. But've spent 325hrs beating your game twice and farming like crazy to get which way those anoints that I want. And you say that that way that I'm playing wasn't which way it had intended so you weaken my favorite anoint...
My most despised area in Borderlands 1 is now the Rust Commons area. . So many sidequests
My most despised area in Borderlands 1 is now the Rust Commons area.
My favourite area in Borderlands 1 right now is the Rust Commons... So many sidewalks
My most despised area in Borderlands 1 is still the Great Commons area.. So many sidequests
2007 My most despised land area left in Borderlands 1 is now the Lee Rust Commons area.. So many sidequests
My most despised block in Borderlands 1 is now the Kensington Commons area.. So many bad
Holy fuck???!!??!
Holy shit???!!??!
Holy fuck???!!?!?!
Holy Week!
The Holy shit fuck???!!??!
Holy Sick??!
Capitalism on the Borderlands
Capitalism at the Border
Surrender on the Border
Capitalism on Political Borderlands
Capitalism on the European Borderlands
Capitalism through the Borderlands
"This explains why there's a lack of fast travel stations in Guns
"This explains why there are no fast travel destinations in Guns
"This explains the lack of high-speed tram stations in Gothenburg
"This explains why there's a market of fast travel stations for Guns
"This explains why there's also a lack of regular fast travel stations in Guns
"basically explains why there's a lack of fast travel stations in Story
@Borderlands. Can we please get a big hot fix. I did a whole factory reset and a system wipe. But everytime i play borderlands to farm it crashes
"@ Borderlands. Can we get a big fix please? I've reset an entire factory and deleted a system
@ Borderlands. Can we please get a big hot fix. I did a whole factory reset and a system to wipe out. But whenever i play borderlands to farm it crashes
@Borderlands. could we please get a big hot fix. I gave an whole factory reset and a system wipe. But everytime i play borderlands to farm it crashes
@Borderlands. Can we just please get him a big hot fix. I did just a routine whole factory reset report and a system wipe. But not everytime i gotta play borderlands to farm it crashes
@Borderlands. Can we please have a big hot fix. I did a basic factory check and a system refresh. But everytime i play borderlands to farm system crashes
@Borderlands echo cast doesnt work for me even though it says it is on. it doesnt show anything on twitch about it being on except for when you refresh it says its loading it.
"@ Borderlands echo cast doesn't work for me
@ Borderlands echo cast doesn't work for me even though it says it's on.
@Borderlands echo cast doesnt work for me even though it says whatever is on. it doesnt show anything on twitch about something being on except for when you refresh it says its loading correctly.
@Borderlands echo cast back doesnt work for me even though it says it is on. it doesnt actually show anything on twitch about touching it or being on paper except not for when you write refresh it says something its loading it.
@Borderlands echo cast doesnt work for me even though it says it is on. it doesnt show normally on twitch of it being open except if when you hit which says its loading it.
@Borderlands I can't play borderlands 3 on my Xbox without it crashing can you fix this pls
@ Borderlands I can't play Borderlands 3 on my Xbox without it crashing.
@ Borderlands I can't play borderlands 3 on my Xbox without it crashing can you fix this pls
@Borderlands<unk> can't play borderlands 3 on my tablet without it crashing can you fix this pls
A @Borderlands I can't play borderlands 3 on my Xbox without it completely crashing so can you maybe fix this pls
man I cannot't play borderlands 3 on our Xbox without it crashing can you fix this pls
My dumbass was like “what borderlands mod is this” because that mf looks like claptrap
"My dumbass was like ""What borderlands mod is this
"My dumbass was like ""what borderlands mod is this"" because that mf looks like claptrap"
My dumbass was like “what fun mod is this” because every mf looks like claptrap
... My dumbass was like “ asking what borderlands mod is at this time ” because that mf looks like claptrap
My dumbass was like the borderlands mod is this” because that mf looks to being
I went to bed at 4am. 5 hours before that at 9pm i was farming Graveward. It is now almost 4pm and i went to farm Graveward again and on my first kill i tried to loot the vault but it was already looted! @Borderlands @Ki11ersix what is wrong with my game it is the broken.
I went to bed at 4am. 5 hours earlier at 9pm I was at Graveward Farm. It's almost 4pm now and I went back to Graveward Farm and on my first kill I tried to loot the safe but it was already looted! @ Borderlands @ Ki11ersix What's wrong with my game is the broken one.
I went to bed at 4 am. 5 hours before that at 9 pm i was farming Graveward. It is now almost 4 pm and i went to farm Graveward again and on my first kill i tried to lot the vault but it was already rooted! @ Borderlands @ Ki11ersix what is wrong with my game it is the broken.
I went to bed at 4am. 5 days before that at night m was farming Graveward. It is now almost 4pm and i went to farm Graveward again and on my new kill i tried to loot the vault but it was already full! @Borderlands @Ki11ersix what is wrong with my game it we the broken.
I went to bed at 4am. 5 hours before that at 9pm i was farming Graveward. It is now almost 4pm and i have went to farm near Graveward again and decided on scoring my first kill i tried not to loot the vault home but it somehow was not already looted! 6 @Borderlands @Ki11ersix what is wrong matters with my game it is the broken.
I went to bed at 12. 5 hours before bed at 9pm i were farming Graveward. It came still nearly 4pm and i tried to farm Graveward again and on my third kill i tried to loot the vault that it was already looted! @Borderlands @Ki11ersix what really wrong with my game it is the broken.
Borderlands 3 Update Delayed Due To Anti-Racism Protests pic.twitter.com/dDq8WeXJlS
Borderlands 3 update delayed due to anti-racism protests pic.twitter.com / dDq8WeXJlS
Borderlands 3: Delayed Due To Anti-Racism Protests pic.wikipedia.org / dDq8WeXJlS
Borderlands 3 Update Delayed Due To Anti-Racism Protests pic.twitter.com/dDq8WeXJlS
Digital Borderlands 3 Update Delayed Due To Anti-Racism Protests pic.twitter.com/dDq8WeXJlS
that
@Borderlands I have some concerns with the new update. On console(Ps4 not sure about other) while playing the gaming audio and visuals start to constantly freeze and break making it hard to continue frame rates drop drastically. Should I be worried.
"@ Borderlands I have some concerns with the new update. On the console (ps4 not sure about others) while playing the gaming audio and visuals start to freeze constantly and break
"@ Borderlands I have some misgivings about the new update. On the console (Ps4 is not sure otherwise) during the game audio and video are constantly hovering and breaking down
@Borderlands I have some concerns with the new update. On console(Ps4 n sure whats it) while playing the gaming experience and visuals start to constantly freeze and break making it hard to continue frame rates drop drastically. Now I be worried.
@Borderlands I also have some... concerns with scheduling the new update. On console ( Ps4 in not sure about other ) while playing the gaming audio effects and visuals start to constantly freeze and heads break making it hard to continue and frame rates drop drastically. The Should if I go be worried.
@Borderlands I have some concerns with the new update. On console(Ps4 not sure about other) while after the gaming software and visuals start to really crash and break with very hard to continue frame rates drop drastically. Should or be worried.
borderlands 3 sucks why are yall giving money to randy pitchford? go borrow the other games from a friend. they're actually good
borderlands 3 sucks why give yall money to randy pitchford? go borrow the other games from a friend. they are actually good
borderlands 3 sucks why are yall giving money to random pitchford? go borrow the other games from a friend. they're actually good
borderlands 3 sucks why are yall giving money to randy pitchford? go borrow the other games from a cd. they're actually great
borderlands 3 sucks why are yall boy giving money to that randy pitchford? Just go borrow the same other games from a mutual friend. they're really actually good
borderlands now open or are yall giving money on randy pitchford? go borrow the other games from a friend. they're actually good
this is genuinely all you left me with? @GearboxOfficial @Borderlands pic.twitter.com/X4oKeH4TMH
That's really all you left me? @ GearboxOfficial @ Borderlands pic.twitter.com / X4oKeH4TMH
Is that really all you left me? @ GearboxOfficial @ Borderlands pic.fm / X4oKeH4TMH
this is genuinely all you left me with? RhandlerR RhandlerR pic.twitter.com/X4oKeH4TMH
and this is genuinely all you left me with? RhandlerR RhandlerR pic.twitter.com/X4oKeH4TMH
you
Holy shit borderlands 3 is ass.
Holy shit Borderlands 3 is ass.
Holy shit borderlands 3 is ass.
Holy shit borderlands 3 st ass.
Holy shit borderlands 3 is your ass.
Holy shit borderlands 3 my ass.
"Borderlands 3 trash but also lowkey lit
"Borderlands 3 Trash but also Lowkey illuminated
"Borderlands 3 thrash but also quietly lit
"Borderlands 3 trash but also lowkey lit
"... Borderlands of 3 trash but also real lowkey lit
"Borderlands 3 trash but really lowkey lit
AGAIN @Borderlands WTF   
AGAIN @ Borderlands WTF
AGAIN @ Borderlands WTF
AGAIN @Borderlands<unk>
AGAIN 2 @Borderlands WTF
AGAIN AND WTF
This cricket has been the worst hivemind of fandom I have done this more times than I would love to be better if the Tarzan level in Kingdom Hearts is as bad as Borderlands.
This cricket was the worst hive of fandom I've done more times than I'd like to if the Tarzan level in Kingdom Hearts was as bad as Borderlands.
That cricket was the worst fennel fennel I've done more times than I'd like if Tarzan's level in the Kingdom of Hearts was as bad as Borderlands's.
This cricket has been the worst hivemind of fandom I have said this more times than I would love to be counting if the Tarzan level in Kingdom Hearts is as strong as Borderlands.
This cricket has been dubbed the worst single hivemind of game fandom I have certainly done this more times more than I or would love to be better if the Tarzan level in Kingdom Hearts is as bad there as Borderlands.
This cricket already been the worst hivemind for fandom who have done this more times than I would love to be better if the Tarzan level in Eight Hearts is as bad with mine.
@EpicGames @2K @Steam why add crossplay for @Borderlands 3 if you weren't gonna make it compatible for console? What a waste
"@ EpicGames @ 2K @ Steam
@ EpicGames @ 2K @ Steam Why add a crossplay for @ Borderlands 3 if you're not going to make it compatible for the console?
@EpicGames on @2K why add crossplay for @Steam 3 if you weren't planning make everything compatible for console? What a waste
@EpicGames 4 @2K @Steam why not add crossplay for @Borderlands 3... if you weren't t really gonna make it compatible enough for console? What with a waste
made @EpicGames @2K why add crossplay for it 3 if you weren't gonna make it compatible for console? That was horrible
never again
Never again
Never again
never happened
and never again
<unk> again
@GearboxOfficial sooooo....when we getting that borderlands 3 xbox one x patch that fixes console shutting down???
@ GearboxOfficial sooooo.... if we get that Borderlands 3 xbox an x patch that fixes console shutdown???
@ GearboxOfficial sooooo.... when we getting that borderlands 3 xbox one x patch that fixes console shutting down???
@GearboxOfficial sooooo....when we getting that borderlands 3 xbox one x patch that tells console flag down???
@GearboxOfficial sooooo.... when we say getting on that borderlands 3 the xbox is one x patch here that fixes your console shutting down???
@GearboxOfficial sooooo....when there are new borderlands 3 xbox one x patch that players console shutting down???
I've experienced acid reflux before. I did not enjoy it!
"I've experienced acid reflux before
"I've had acid reflux before
I've experienced acid baths before. I did not enjoy it!
I've experienced acid reflux this before. I did not very enjoy experiencing it!
I've tried having reflux before. I did not enjoy it!
Destiny is just Borderlands but shit
"Destiny is just Borderlands
"Destiny is just borderland
Destiny as just Borderlands but shit
Destiny Park is just Borderlands but shit
Destiny is just Borderlands but I
Why does my Xbox One X still shut itself off when I play Blands 3..? @GearboxOfficial @Borderlands
Why does my Xbox One X still turn off when I play Blands 3? @ GearboxOfficial @ Borderlands
Why does my Xbox One X still turn off when I play Blands 3..? @ GearboxOfficial @ Borderlands
Why does an Xbox 360 X still shut itself off when I play Blands 3..? @GearboxOfficial @Borderlands
Why does my red Xbox One X still shut itself shut off knowing when would I play Blands 3..? S @GearboxOfficial @Borderlands
Why if its Xbox One X still shut itself shut when I play Blands 3..? @GearboxOfficial 3
Hi I lost two hours of progress in borderlands again how is everyone
"Hello
"Hee
Hi I lost two hours of progress in borderlands again how is u
Hi S I lost two hours of progress in southern borderlands again how is everyone
Hi I lost two hours of progress in borderlands again or is it
@Borderlands  
@ Borderlands
@ Borderlands
@Borderlands
F @Borderlands
not
"Look
"See
"Look
"Look
"Look
"Look
I am so fucking stupid time to have bad dreams
m so damn stupid time to have bad dreams
I am so fuck stupid time to have bad dreams
I had so fucking stupid time to have bad dreams
How I am so very fucking stupid time to have bad dreams
I am so fucking into time to have bad dreams
"Ok
"Ok
"OK
"Ok
"Ok
"Ok
"@Borderlands I'm unable to access any forums so I figured I would try here. When I'm in Boarderlands 3 if I turn to the right so that characters who are speaking are on my left side I cant hear them at all. This is on PS4. Is there some where you can point me to
"If I'm in Boarderlands 3
"@ Borderlands I'm unable to access any forums so I figured I would try here. When I'm in Boarderlands 3 if I turn to the right so that characters who are on my left side I cant hear them at all. This is on PS4. Is there some where you can point me to
"@Borderlands I'm unable to access any questions so j figured I would try here. When I'm in Boarderlands 3 if I turn to your middle so that characters who are speaking are on my left side I never hear NPCs at all. This is on PS4. Is there place where you can point me to
"@Borderlands I'm totally unable now to access any forums so I figured I would try here. When I'm in Boarderlands PS 3 if I turn over to the right so that characters who are speaking are on my left side I maybe cant hear on them all at quite all. This is on PS4. Is there some where you both can point for me to
"@Borderlands posts'm disconnected to access any forums so I figured I would try Link. When I'm in Boarderlands 3 if I turn to the right so that characters who know speaking are on my left side I barely hear conversation at all. This means probably PS4. Is there some where you still point me up
"April 30 until now
"So far
"On April 30 so far
"April 30 until now
"April 30 on until December now
"April or until September
If a video game inside a video game crashes on you would you call it a videogamecrashception? I need to call Leo!.  . youtu.be/H9jUp8kt9wU
"If a video game crashes on you in a video game
"If a video game inside a video game attacks you
If a video game inside a video game crashes on how would just call it a videogamecrashception? I forgot to tell Leo!. . youtu.be/H9jUp8kt9wU
15 If a video arcade game inside a video game crashes on all you who would you call buying it a perfect videogamecrashception? I will need to call you Leo!.. youtu. will be / H9jUp8kt9wU
If a video game inside a games system crashes but you would you call it just videogamecrashception? I mean to call that!.. youtu.be/H9jUp8kt9wU
"@DuvalMagic @Borderlands game doesn't register right sometimes
"@ DuvalMagic @ Borderlands game sometimes does not register properly
"@ DuvalMagic @ Borderlands game sometimes doesn't register correctly
"@DuvalMagic @Borderlands game doesn't register right sometimes
"When @DuvalMagic @Borderlands game hardware doesn't register you right way sometimes
"@DuvalMagic @Borderlands game does't register right sometimes
"I want to moan about how abysmal my loot drop rates have been since Mayhem 2.0 in @Borderlands 
"I want to moan about how catastrophically my booty has fallen in @ Borderlands since Mayhem 2.0
"I want to moan about how incredible the rate of decline has been since Mayhem 2.0 in @ Borderlands
"I want to whine about how abysmal my loot drop rates have been since Mayhem 2.0 in @Borderlands
"I want only to moan about how abysmal my loot mine drop rates have been getting since Mayhem and 2. 0 in @Borderlands
"I want into moan about how lower my loot find rates have been since Mayhem hit.0 in @Borderlands
"After what happened with my Xbox scare yesterday
"After what happened to my Xbox yesterday
"After what happened to my Xbox scare yesterday
"After what happened with the Xbox scare yesterday
"After learning what happened tonight with my Xbox kill scare yesterday
"After what happened with my Xbox scare over
This is a fucking joke at this point when are they gonna implement an anti cheat? Fuck put @Battleeye1 in or somethin
"That's a damn joke at this point
"Is this a fucking joke at the moment
This is a fucking joke at this point when are they gonna implement this inflation cheat? Fuck put @Battleeye1 in or somethin
Like This is a fucking joke at this little point or when are they gonna implement an anti cheat? Fuck put that @Battleeye1 in or get somethin
This get a fucking joke at this day when are they gonna implement an identity cheat? Fuck put @Battleeye1 in here somethin
@GearboxOfficial @Borderlands . Am I seeing this shit correctly? Please tell me I’m not.... . I’M GETTING ATTACKED WHILE THE END CREDITS ARE ROLLING?!. . They ended and there were enemies all over! WHY IS THIS A THING?!.  
@ GearboxOfficial @ Borderlands. Do I see this shit right? Please tell me it's not me.... I'm being attacked while the ENDCREDITES are rolling?!. They ended and there were enemies everywhere! WHY IS THIS THING?!.
@ GearboxOfficial @ Borderlands. Do I see this shit right? Please tell me I'm not.... I'm GETTING WHEN THE ROLFG CREDIT END?!. They're over and there were enemies everywhere! WHY IS THAT?!.
@GearboxOfficial @Borderlands. Am we seeing this really correctly? Please reassure me I’m …. I’M GETTING ATTACKED WHILE THE END CREDITS ARE ROLLING?!.. They ended and there were four all together! WHY IS THIS A THING?!.
@GearboxOfficial @Borderlands. 10 Am I seeing to this shit correctly? Please tell me I ’ m not..... I GO ’ AT M GETTING ATTACKED WHO WHILE ON THE END CREDITS You ARE ROLLING?!.. They ended and there there were enemies all over! I WHY WHO IS THIS A THING?!.
of @GearboxOfficial. Am U seeing this picture correctly? My oh I why not..... I’M GETTING ATTACKED WHILE THE END CREDITS ARE ROLLING?!.. They ended and there when enemies took over! WHY IS THIS THIS THING?!.
"@2KSupport I have not been able to play borderlands 3 online for 5 days. I´ve the shift account correctly linked to steam
"@ 2KSupport I have not been able to play Borderlands 3 online for 5 days. I have correctly linked the shift account to steam
"@ 2KSupport I have not been able to play borderlands 3 online for 5 days. I've the shift account correctly linked to steam
"@2KSupport I am not bene able ta play borderlands 3 game for 5 days. I´ve the shift account correctly linked to steam
"Since @2KSupport I have not been able once to play borderlands 3 online for 5 consecutive days. Although I´ve the original shift account not correctly linked to steam
"@2KSupport also have not been able to run borderlands RPG online for 5 days. No ve the shift account correctly linked to steam
"@Borderlands Can we please fix the lag
"@ Borderlands Can we please fix the delay
"@ Borderlands Can we please fix the B
"@Borderlands Can we please fix the lag
"@Borderlands Can we please help fix the camera lag
"@Borderlands Can we please fix the lag
Full Offense If you bought Borderlands 3 fuck you . Stop giving the Greasy Magician money
"Full Offense If you bought Borderlands 3
Total insult If you bought Borderlands 3 fuck you.
Full Offense If you bought Borderlands 3 fuck you. Stop giving the Greasy Magician.
Full Circle Offense If ever you bought Borderlands 3 fuck you. Stop them giving the Greasy Mad Magician money
Full Offense If you loved Borderlands now fuck you. Stop giving Little Greasy Magician money
Thats kinda a greasy move. . 
It's kind of a greasy move.
Thats kinda a client move...
Thats kinda a crazy move..
Thats kinda is a super greasy move..
Thats kinda a scary move..
"I do wish @Borderlands would have given another way to apply terror to yourself that wouod have been a little easier for Moze to pull off. . . It may have made me more ibvested in bloody harvest
I wish @ Borderlands had given me another way to apply the terror to myself that would have made it a little easier for Moze to leave... I might have been more interested in the bloody harvest than getting a scary phone call.
I would very much like @ Borderlands to give me another way to deal with terror that Mose would be a little easier to pull off... Perhaps that would make me more obsessed with bloody violence than getting a Windy Day call.
"I especially wish @Borderlands would of given some way to apply terror to yourself that wouod have been made little easier for Moze to pull off... It shall have made me more ibvested in bloody harvest
"Well I myself do almost wish Master @Borderlands would have given another way than to apply terror to yourself that wouod have been a little much easier for Moze to pull off... It may have have made to me more ibvested in this bloody harvest
"I do think babies would be provided another way to apply terror to yourself that wouod have been making little easier for kids to pull up... It should have made me more ibvested in one harvest
"@Borderlands need help with my game. For some reason my character is lagging
"@ Borderlands need help with my game. For some reason my character lags behind
"@ Borderlands needs help with my game. For some reason my character doesn't look like me
"@Borderlands need help with my game. For some reason my character is lagging
"@Borderlands need some help with my game. 15 For some selfish reason my character is lagging
"@Borderlands need help with my game. For some folks my code is static
"the first borderlands game is actually so fucking bad it's almost unbearable
"the first Borderlands game is actually so damn bad that it's almost unbearable
"The first borderline game is actually so fucking that it's almost impossible
"the first borderlands game is really so fucking bad it's almost unbearable
"the first borderlands tee game is actually so fucking awful bad it'r s almost like unbearable
"the first the game is actually such fucking bad it's almost ridiculous
@Borderlands @GearboxOfficial @DuvalMagic @ProdigyXL . This doesn’t look right. At all. Why am I just noticing this now? Shouldn’t the payouts be better in M4? Or are these typos. pic.twitter.com/ZyFAPOihPy
@ Borderlands @ GearboxOfficial @ DuvalMagic @ ProdigyXL. That doesn't look right. At all. Why am I noticing this right now? Shouldn't the payouts in M4 be better? Or is it typos. pic.twitter.com / ZyFAPOihPy
@ Borderlands @ GearboxOfficial @ DuvalMagic @ ProdigyOfficial.
RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR . This doesn’t look right. At all. Why am I just noticing this now? Shouldn’t the payouts be better in M4? Or are these typos. pic.twitter.com/ZyFAPOihPy
R RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR . This doesn’t look right. At all. Why am I just noticing this now? Shouldn’t the payouts be better in M4? Or are these typos. pic.twitter.com/ZyFAPOihPy
who
"Borderlands 3 Sucks : Here's Why (UPDATED 2020) youtu.be/oNBoVcEWovQ. . It's sadly true
"Borderlands 3 Sucks: Here's Why (UPDATED 2020) youtu.be / oNBoVcEWovQ.. Unfortunately
Borderlands 3 Sucks: Here's Why (UPDATED 2020) youtu.be / oNBoVcEWovQ.
"Borderlands 3 Sucks : Here's a (UPDATED 2020) screenshot.be/oNBoVcEWovQ.. It's sadly true
"Borderlands at 3 Sucks : Here's Why ( UPDATED in 2020 ) youtu. be / oNBoVcEWovQ.. It'm s sadly not true
"Borderlands 3 Sucks : Here's it (UPDATED 2020) By.be/oNBoVcEWovQ.. Actually's sadly true
Live-action Borderlands film is just a really long commercial advertisement for the borderlands game.
The live-action film Borderlands is just a really long commercial advertisement for the Borderlands game.
Live-action Borderlands film is just a really long commercial advertisement for the borderlands game.
Live-action Borderlands film is just a really long commercial advertisement for another borderlands game.
Live - action Borderlands film is just a truly really damn long commercial advertisement for the borderlands superhero game.
Live-action pirate film is just a really lame commercial advertisement for the borderlands game.
This is the dumbest thing we've ever made.. @Borderlands @GearboxOfficial @MaxMittelman @2K_ANZ.  
This is the stupidest thing we've ever done.. @ Borderlands @ GearboxOfficial @ MaxMittelman @ 2K _ ANZ.
This is the stupidest thing we've ever done.. @ Borderlands @ GearboxOfficial @ Maximan @ 2K _ ANZ.
This is for dumbest thing anyone ever made.. @Borderlands @GearboxOfficial @MaxMittelman @2K_ANZ.
33 This is the dumbest ever thing we've really ever thought made.. @Borderlands as @GearboxOfficial @MaxMittelman in @2K_ANZ.
what is the horrible thing ever've ever made.. by @Borderlands @GearboxOfficial @MaxMittelman.
Not saying the older games arent flawed. . . Loot was terrible in older updates of BL2.. Terramorphous is a cheap and lazy raid boss compared to Cramulaux in Borderlands 1.
Not to say that the older games were flawed... loot was terrible in older updates of BL2.. Terramorph is a cheap and lazy boss compared to Cramulaux in Borderlands 1.
Not to mention that in the old versions of BL2 the lot was awful... Terramorphus is a cheap and lazy raid boss compared to Mulo in Borderlands 1.
Not saying the older games arent flawed... It was terrible in older updates of BL2.. Terramorphous is a lazy and lazy raid boss compared to stuff in Borderlands 2.
See Not saying all the older games arent flawed... Captain Loot was made terrible in older production updates of BL2.. Terramorphous is a cheap and lazy raid boss compared to time Cramulaux appeared in Dark Borderlands Vol 1.
Not saying the older versions arent flawed... Loot was terrible from older updates like BL2.. Terramorphous is really dumb and lazy raid boss compared to Cramulaux in Day 1.
I HATE borderlands 3 Rhys WHY does he look like that this is not the beautiful disaster twink I love
I hate Borderlands 3 Rhys WHY does he look like this is not the beautiful pacifier I love
I HATE borderlands 3 Rhys WHY does he look like that this is not the beautiful disaster twink I love
I HATE borderlands 3 Rhys WHY does he look like that this is not this beautiful disaster that I love
I HATE borderlands 3 Rhys WHY heck does he almost look up like that this is probably not really the beautiful disaster twink I love
I HATE borderlands 3 Rhys WHY does this think like that this is not a beautiful disaster twink I love
Saw an ad for the new borderlands dlc stuff and i just got sad again knowing fully well bl3 was so horribly mediocre I already miss BL2
I saw an advertisement for the new Borderlands dlc stuff and got sad again because I knew bl3 was so terribly mediocre that I miss BL2 already
"Saw an ad for new borderline things and I just got upset again
Saw an ad on the new borderlands dlc stuff and i just got sad again knowing fully though bl3 was so horribly mediocre I already loved BL2
Saw ran an ad for the new borderlands dlc s stuff and i just half got sad happy again knowing fully well bl3 was likely so horribly mediocre I might already miss the BL2
Saw an ad there the new decent dlc stuff and i just got bored again well fully well bl3 was so completely mediocre I already miss BL2
@Borderlands I can't Link my shift to my twitch account just wondering if you could look into that please
@ Borderlands I can't link my shift to my Twitch account and just wonder if you could check it out please
"@ Borderlands I can't link my transition to my account
@Borderlands I can't Link my shift to this twitch account just wondering if you could look into changing please
Agent @Borderlands I can't get Link in my shift to my private twitch account just wondering if you could look into that please
@Borderlands I can't make my shift to my Account account just wondering if you could look like that please
"@2ksupport @Borderlands. Is there a fix for borderlands 3 crashing and turning my Xbox one X off? Can’t be healthy for the console. It’s happened 4 times in a row
"@ 2ksupport @ Borderlands. Is there a solution to crashing Borderlands 3 and turning off my Xbox One X? Can't be healthy for the console. It's happened four times in a row
"@ 2ksupport @ Borderlands. Is there a fix for borderlands 3 crashing and turning my Xbox one X off? Can't be healthy for the console. It's happened 4 times in a row
"@2ksupport @Borderlands. Is there a reason for borderlands 3 crashing and turning my Xbox one X off? Would be mean for the console. It’s happened 4 times of each row
"@2ksupport @Borderlands. Is there a fix for borderlands Episode 3 crashing and turning my Xbox Xbox with one X off? 7 Can ’ the t be more healthy for crashing the console. 1 It ’ s happened 4 times in a row
"@2ksupport @Borderlands. Is there a reason for borderlands 2 crashing while turning my Xbox one or off? Can’t be healthy for the review. It’s tested 4 times in a week
This is why I did not buy borderlands 3. Randy Pitchford is  fucking scum.
That's why I didn't buy Borderlands 3. Randy Pitchford is damn scum.
That's why I didn't buy Borders 3. Randy Pitchford is a fucking scum.
This is why I did not buy borderlands ammo. Randy Pitchford is  fucking awesome.
This is certainly why I did me not buy borderlands 3. 2 Randy Pitchford is a fucking scum.
This are why I could not buy borderlands movies. Randy Pitchford is fucking scum.
For more then 3 weeks now 2k uk hasnt drawn a winner for their borderlands 3 collector edition giveaway. I mean I think thats funny that companies can just do fake giveaways and not be called out on it. youtube.com/watch?v=-HUh50…
"For more than 3 weeks
"I mean
For more then 3 weeks now 2k uk hasnt posted a winner for their borderlands 3 collector edition giveaway. I mean I think thats silly that companies may just do fake giveaways and not be shut out on racism. youtube.com/watch?v=-HUh50…
For more then 3 weeks now 2k uk still hasnt drawn a winner for buying their borderlands 3 collector kit edition false giveaway. I mean I think well thats funny that companies can just so do fake giveaways and not have be called out on it. at youtube. com / watch? baby v = - HUh50 0 …
For more then 3 weeks over 2k uk been drawn a winner for their borderlands 3 collector gift review. I thought I think thats funny which companies can really do fake giveaways and not be called out doing it. review.com/watch?v=-HUh50...
Digital Foundry is mostdef full of shit.. borderlands 3 pc system requirements and recommended are considerably PC hardware garbage.. 7+ years.
Digital Foundry is almost full of shit.. borderlands 3 PC system requirements and recommended to garbage considerably PC hardware.. 7 + years.
Digital Foundry is a mostdef full of shit.. borderlands 3 pc system requirements and recommended are carefully PC hardware garage.. 7 + years.
Digital work is mostdef full of shit.. borderlands 3 pc system requirements and recommended are considerably PC driven garbage.. 7+ years.
The Digital Foundry is mostdef full of financial shit.. borderlands 3 pc system requirements and recommended upgrades are now considerably easier PC Engine hardware garbage.. 7 + years.
Digital Foundry is mostdef full complete shit.. NO 3 pc system requirements and they are considerably worse hardware garbage.. 7+ years.
@DuvalMagic why tf can I only free Krieg but not release him!? Plz   Someone at @GearboxOfficial someone with @Borderlands plz help. I can’t figure this out and it’s driving me INSANE!!!!
@ DuvalMagic why tf can I just free war but not release it!? Plz Someone at @ GearboxOfficial help someone with @ Borderlands plz. I can't figure this out and it drives me to INSANE!!!!
@ DuvalMagic why tf can I only free Hebble but not release him!? Plz Someone at @ GearboxOfficial someone with @ Borderlands plz help. I can't figure this out and it's driving me INSANE!!!!
@DuvalMagic why tf am I only free Krieg but not release him!? Plz   Please fucking hand someone with @GearboxOfficial plz help. I can’t figure this out and it’s driving u INSANE!!!!
Why @DuvalMagic why e tf can and I only simply free The Krieg but not otherwise release him!? Plz Someone at @GearboxOfficial someone with @Borderlands plz help. I still can ’ t figure this out and it... ’ s obviously driving towards me INSANE!!!!
@DuvalMagic why tf can I only free John but not release him!? Plz Someone at @GearboxOfficial to give me plz help. Sam can’t figure everything out and it’s driving people sick
nice .  First round first nuke . . @charlieINTEL. @CallofDutyDE  
Nice. First round first nuke.. @ charlieINTEL. @ CallofDutyEN
First round first nuclear... @ charlingINTEL. @ CfDutyDE
nice try  First round first nuke.. @charlieINTEL. @CallofDutyDE
nice. First real round first base nuke.. @charlieINTEL.... @CallofDutyDE
nice. First big bear nuke.. funny. @charlieINTEL
SO HAPPY ABOUT THIS . 
SO HAPPY FOR THAT.
So HAPPY ABOUT THIS.
SO HAPPY ABOUT THIS RELEASE
SO I HAPPY WHO ABOUT THIS.
Y HAPPY ABOUT THIS.
lil disappointed
lil disappointed
lil disappointed
lil pa
lil I disappointed
lil love
"This is ridiculous. I was on the fence
"This is ridiculous. I was on the fence
"It's funny. I was on the fence
"This is ridiculous. I was on a fence
"This shit is getting ridiculous. I was on the fence
"This is that. I was on the panel
I couldn’t imagine waking up everyday just to look for something to complain about
I couldn't imagine waking up every day just looking for something to complain about.
I could not imagine waking up every day just to find something to complain about
I couldn’t imagine waking up everyday unable to look for something to complain about
I couldn and ’ t imagine waking someone up everyday just to look for just something to complain about
I couldn’t imagine waking up yesterday just to pray for something to complain about
"Black ops cold war looks boring imo
"Black ops Cold War looks boring imo
"Black ops cold war looks boring imo
"Black and cold war looks boring imo
"Black Belt ops cold war looks boring imo
"blue ops cold war looks boring imo
 .  .  

...
. <unk>
..
..
Omg . 
Omg.
Omg.
Omg<unk>
1st Omg.
<unk>.
"About fucking time. This is what people want to see
"About damn time. That's what people want to see
"This is what people want to see
"About launch time. This is what people want to see
"About fucking time. This is... what people want everyone to really see
"About fucking computers. This is when people want to see
No please no
No please no
"No
"No
No NO please no
mean please no
Just got to 155 for the sixth time... yay am so excited... please @Treyarch add some kind of prestige mode for black ops cold war I don't want to go through another year of seasonal ranks it's so dull
"Just reached 155 for the sixth time... yay am so excited... please add @ Treyarch some kind of prestige mode for Black Ops Cold War I don't want to go through another year of seasonal leaderboards
Just got to 155 for the sixth time... yay I'm so excited... please @ Treyarch add some regime for black Cold War PR I don't want to go through another year of rank it's so boring
Just got in 155 for the sixth time... yay am so excited... let @Treyarch prepare some kind of prestige mode for black ops cold war I don't want to go with another year of seasonal ranks it's so dull
Just got up to 155 million for the sixth time... Oh yay am you so excited... please @Treyarch add some kind 1 of prestige user mode for the black ops during cold war I don't bloody want to go through another year worth of seasonal ranks it's so dull
Just got to 155 for the sixth time... yay am so pretty... please @Treyarch add some up some prestige mode for black ops cold war me just't want to go through another year of useless ranks something's so incredible
Gonna be ass
Will be an ass
Gonna be ass
Gonna be long
Gonna fucking be ass
Gonna be The
Not too confident about this st all smh
Not overly confident on this issue
Not too sure about it all xx
Not too confident about this st all.)
Not too stupid confident going about this st all smh
Not too confident in this st all smh
This is just embarrassing now.
It's just embarrassing now.
"Right now
This is just embarrassing stuff.
That This is just embarrassing now.
This is really embarrassing now.
Call Of Duty: Black Ops Cold War beta cheats are ruining crossplay gamblerss.com/news/70025/cal…
Call Of Duty: Black Ops beta scammers from the Cold War ruin Crossplay gamblerss.com / news / 70025 / cal...
Call Of Duty: Black Ops Cold War beta cheats are rubblay crosslay gambass.com / news / 70025 / cal...
Call Of Cthulhu: Black Ops Cold War beta cheats are ruining their gamblerss.com/news/70025/cal…
Call Of Normal Duty : Black market Ops Cold War War beta cheats That are ruining crossplay in gamblerss. com / news / 2012 70025 / cal …
Call on Duty: Black Ops Cold War movie cheats are ruining everything between.com/news/70025/cal...
@ATVIAssist After I preordered black ops cold war modern warfare wont let me access the store anymore.it just skips right over the store tab.
"@ ATVIAssist After pre-ordering Cold War Black Ops
"@ ATVIAssist After pre-ordering Cold War-era black ops
@ATVIAssist After I preordered black ops cold brew modern warfare wont Help me navigate the store anymore.it just skips right over the store tab.
@ATVIAssist After I played preordered little black ops cold dog war modern warfare wont let much me access the grocery store anymore. Mostly it just skips right over the store sales tab.
Store After I shot black ops cold war modern warfare why let me access the store anymore.it is said right over the store tab.
NEW VIDEO:. . a quick easy stupid cod trailer edit. . youtu.be/B6rI2_9gIWA. .  
NEW VIDEO:.. a quick simple stupid cod trailer edit.. youtu.be / B6rI2 _ 9gIWA..
NEW VIDEO:. a quick easy stupid trailer edit.. youtu.be / B6rI2 _ 9gIWA..
NEW VIDEO:. with a great easy stupid cod ex edit.. youtu.be/B6rI2_9gIWA..
THE NEW VIDEO :.. a just quick so easy it stupid cod trailer and edit.. youtu. I be / 1 B6rI2 _ 9gIWA..
NEW TO:.. really really easy download cod trailer edit.. as.be/B6rI2_9gIWA..
black ops cold war doesn’t feel good
Black Ops Cold War doesn't feel good
Anti-Cold War Blacks Don't Feel Good
black ops cold turkey doesn’t feel good
black space ops cold war doesn ’ t feel too good
black ops cold war doesn’t feel the
BO1 is top 3 of all time
BO1 is top 3 of all time
BO1 - the top 3 of all time
BO1 is top series of all time
BO1 B is top 3 of all time
BO1 is top 3 amongst all time
Call of Duty Black Ops Cold War aka How to completely fuck up the shooting mechanics of the game.
Call of Duty Black Ops Cold War aka How to fuck up the shooting mechanics of the game.
Call of Duty Black Ops Cold War aka How to complete fuck up the shooting mechanics of the game.
Call of Duty Black Ops Cold War : How to completely fuck up the shooting mechanics of the game.
Call of Duty Black Ops Cold War War aka Soldier How to and completely fuck up explains the shooting mechanics of the game.
Call a Duty Black Ops Cold War aka Trying to completely fuck up the shooting mechanics of the the.
Ok it’s a video game but it’s scary to see how much is relevant to real life
"Ok
"OK
Ok it’s a video game so it’s scary because see how much is relevant to real life
... Ok probably it ’ s a video survival game but it ’ s scary to see how much context is relevant to real life
maybe it’s a video game but it’s scary to see how emotion is relevant to a life
"@ATVIAssist @XboxSupport Black Ops Cold War Early Access Xbox total flop $90 never able to play. Wasted 2 hours w/ both your support teams
"@ ATVIAssist @ XboxSupport Black Ops Cold War Early Access Xbox Total Flop $90 never playable Wasted 2 hours with both support teams
"@ ATVIAssist @ XboxSupport Black Ops Cold War Early Access Xbox total flop $90 never able to play. Wasted 2 hours w / both your support teams
"@ATVIAssist @XboxSupport Black Ops Cold War Early Access Xbox total flop $90 never able to play. Wasted 2 hours w/ both your support teams
"Game @ATVIAssist @XboxSupport Black Mirror Ops Cold War Early Access Xbox total flop $ 90 never able to play. Wasted to 2 hours w / both your respective support teams
"@ATVIAssist<unk> Black Ops Cold War Early Access Xbox flip flop seems never able go end. Open 2 hours w/ both your support teams
This shit look like the latest WW2 zombies. 
This shit looks like the latest World War II zombies.
This shit look like the latest WW2 zombies.
This shit look like the latest hot zombies.
This shit must look like the latest WW2 and zombies.
This version look like the latest WW2 zombies.
I’m RT this again just to let y’all know y’all need to fix this shit. 
I'm back RT just to let y'all know that y'all need to fix all this shit.
I'm RT this again just to let y'all know y'all need to fix this shit.
I’m RT this again just to let god know that need to fix this shit.
Do I ’ m RT this again tonight just to let y ’ all know y all ’ all need time to fix this shit.
I’m RT this crap just please let y’all maybe y’all need to fix this shit.
Sweet! More recycled content! Nothing get me excited like paying $60 for a game I’ve already played! Bo1 remastered is gonna be awesome!
Sweet! More recycled content! Nothing excites me more than paying $60 for a game I've already played! Bo1 remastered will be awesome!
Light! More recycled content! Nothing excites me more than paying $60 for a game I've already played! Bo1 will be awesome!
Sweet! More video content! Nothing get me excited like making $60 for a game my already played! Bo1 remastered is gonna be awesome!
Sweet!... More recycled content! Nothing get me very excited like paying $ 60 for a game I really ’... ve already played! Bo1 remastered gameplay is all gonna be awesome!
<unk>! More recycled content! Like getting I excited like paying $60 for a game I’ve already played! Bo1 remastered is gonna be awesome!
"Just listened to Yuri’s interview
"Just listening to Yuri's interview
"Just listened to Jagr's interview
"Just listened to Yuri’s confession
"Just what listened to Yuri himself ’ s interview
"Just went to Yuri’s interview
What the? Why is this a thing? It literally punishes you for going on a killstreak? Are we back to placating bad players? Anyone think this is a good perk?  
Why is that? It literally punishes you for going on a killer trail? Are we about to placate bad players again?
Why is this happening? It literally punishes you for going to the slaughter ground? Are we going back to picking bad players? Does anyone think it's a good move?
What the? Why is this a thing? It literally punishes you for going on any killstreak? Can we back to placating competitive players? Anyone think this is a good perk?
What the? Wow Why is this all a thing? Can It literally punishes you both for going on a killstreak? Are finally we back to placating bad players? Do Anyone even think this is just a good perk?
<unk> the? hell is this recent release? It literally punishes you after going on a killstreak? Are we back to placating bad players? Anyone think there is a good perk?
They called it the Cold War because guns stayed cold. Also it was nowhere near Reagan’s terms. What the fuck?
"They called it the Cold War because the weapons remained cold
They called it the Cold War because the guns remained cold.
They called it the White War because guns stayed cold. Also it was nowhere near Reagan’s terms. What by fuck?
They called it the Cold War Zone because guns stayed cold. Also named it that was nowhere near Reagan ’ s exact terms. What of the fuck?
They dubbed it the Cold War because guns stayed out. Also it was nowhere near Reagan’s terms. What the fucking?
I tried the new auto-sprint in  
I tried the new auto sprint in
I tried a new car sprint in
I tried the new micro-sprint in
I tried the new electronic auto - sprint in
I tried the single auto-sprint in
Favourite gun on MW  
Favorite MW Gun
Favorite MB pistol
Favourite gun on SA
Favourite gun on 170 MW
a gun on MW
Still iffy about this
Still undecided
"Nevertheless
Still iffy about Europe
with Still iffy about this
Still iffy about how
Instead of promoting fix ur servers
Instead of promoting fix-ur servers
Instead of promoting fixed servers
Instead of just fix ur servers
Instead this of promoting fix ur servers
Instead of reboot fix ur servers
This may be a Unpopular Opinion. . @CallofDuty Black Ops Cold War is garbage. . .  
That may be an unpopular opinion... @ CallofDuty Black Ops Cold War is garbage...
This may be an unpopular opinion... @ CfDuty Black Ops The Cold War is an obsession...
This may be a Unpopular Opinion...) Black Ops of War is garbage...
For This article may be a Unpopular Research Opinion.. The @CallofDuty Black Ops Cold War research is garbage...
X may be the Unpopular Movie.. @CallofDuty Black Ops Cold War is garbage...
Ima b honest ... I’m not buying that shit. I like the realistic shit .
Ima b honestly... I don't buy this shit. I like the realistic shit.
Ima b honest... I'm not buying that shit. I like the realistic shit.
Ima totally honest... I’m not buying that shit. I like the realistic shit...
Ima b honest... I ’ m not buying in that shit. I probably like it the literal realistic shit.
Ima b honest... im really buying this shit. I like the realistic shit.
this is brutal

this is brutal
this is ugly
If this is brutal
place is brutal
It looks like Call of Duty: Black Ops Cold War has been leaked by a Doritos advertising campaign dlvr.it/RcQwY4 https://t.co/Mo0oIFkdBT
It looks like Call of Duty: Black Ops Cold War was leaked from a Doritos advertising campaign dlvr.it / RcQwY4 https: / / t.co / Mo0oIFkdBT
Call of Duty: Black Ops Cold War appears to have been leaked thanks to an advertising campaign by Doritos dr.it / RcQwY4.
It looks like Church of Duty: Black Ops Cold War can been leaked by leaked Doritos advertising campaign dlvr.it/RcQwY4 https://t.co/Mo0oIFkdBT]
2 It looks like... Call of Double Duty : Black Ops in Cold Gulf War has been recently leaked by a Doritos Patch advertising online campaign dlvr. it / RcQwY4 https://t.co/Mo0oIFkdBT ]
It feels like Call of Duty: Black Sunday 2: Rain has officially leaked by Korean Doritos advertising campaign dlvr.it/RcQwY4 https://t.co/Mo0oIFkdBT]
"A day later and revisiting this it just seems kinda crap
"A day later and if you look at it again
"A day later and revising this it just seems kinda crap
"A day later and writing this it just seems kinda jarring
"A one day pass later and not revisiting this it just seems kinda crap
"full day later and watching this it just seems kinda crap
The  

"Italy
The
the The
it
"Watching @BlackOpsColdWar PC gameplay and all I see is the hackers that are sitting there in their dirty blown out chairs like... ""soon"" pic.twitter.com/GaGtaKpXTh"
"When I watch the PC gameplay of @ BlackOpsColdWar and all I see are the hackers sitting there in their dirty blown-out chairs like... ""soon"" pic.twitter.com / GaGtaKpXTh"
"Watching the @ BlackOpsColdWar PC game and all I see are people sitting in dirty inflated chairs like... ""soon"" pic.wikipedia.org / GaGtaKpXTh"
"Watching RhandlerR PC gameplay and all I see is the hackers that are sitting there in their dirty blown out chairs like... ""soon"" pic.twitter.com/GaGtaKpXTh"
"I Watching RhandlerR PC gameplay and all I see is the hackers that are sitting there in their dirty blown out chairs like... ""soon"" pic.twitter.com/GaGtaKpXTh"
It
Looks like we doing good . 
Looks like we're doing good.
We seem to be doing good.
Looks and we doing good.
Looks like we re doing good.
Looks like we felt good.
Black ops Cold War zombies is fucking hype!!!!!!
Cold War Black Ops zombies are a damn hype!!!!!!
Cold War zombie black ops are fucking hams!!!!!!
Black market Cold War zombies is fucking hype!!!!!!
Black ops Cold Nuclear War zombies it is fucking fucking hype!!!!!!
Black ops Cold War zombies you fucking hype!!!!!!
Is anyone else having troubles logging into  
Does anyone else have trouble logging in?
Does anyone else have the option of logging in?
Is anyone else having success logging into
s Is anyone else having troubles logging into
Is anyone else having troubles logging their
I used to love Black Ops but after Modern Warfare this Cold War shit ain’t for me
"I used to love Black Ops
"I loved Black Ops
I used to dig Black Ops but after Modern Warfare The Cold War shit ain’t for me
I used to actually love Black Ops but after doing Modern Warfare this Cold Economic War shit ain got ’ t for me
I used to understand Black Ops but after Class Warfare III Cold War shit ain’t for me
.  worst mastery camo to date
Worst domination of all time
The worst macamos to date.
. <unk> mastery camo to date
. My worst mastery camo to date
. the mastery camo to date
Cod Black Ops Cold War. Sorry but the mechanics on the game are really shite. It feels like I’m playing a really old game.. 🤣. 🤦. ‍. 
"Cod Black Ops Cold War. Sorry
"Black Ops Cold War cod. Sorry
Cod Black Ops Cold War. Sorry but the mechanics on This game are really shite. It feels like a playing a wicked old game.. 🤣. Like. ‍.
Cod Black Ops Cold War. 2013 Sorry but the mechanics on play the game are really pretty shite. It feels like I will ’ 3 m playing myself a really old game.. The [UNK]. [UNK]..
Cod Evil Ops Cold Case. Sorry but the mechanics on the game are really stupid. It seemed like people playing a really old time.. <unk>. <unk>..
It literally just looks like all those shitty richtofen edits people have been  making
It literally looks like all these shitty straightening furnace edits were made by people
"Literally
It literally just looks like all those shitty richtofen edits people always been  making
It all literally just looks something like all those shitty richtofen edits people have already been making
It literally just looks out all with shitty richtofen edits people have been making
OH MY GODDD . 
OH MY GOD.
Oh MY GOD.
OH MY!.
Just OH MY GODDD.
OH MY LORD.
@CallofDuty @ATVIAssist apparently for some I cant seem to play   
@ CallofDuty @ ATVIAssist apparently for some I can't seem to play
@ CfDuty @ ATVIAssist apparently for someone I can't seem to play with
@CallofDuty @ATVIAssist apparently for some purpose cant seem to play
As @CallofDuty @ATVIAssist apparently for some I cant seem up to really play
@CallofDuty @ATVIAssist apparently for some I cant do a play
Fuck. This.
Shit.
Fuck. This.
Fuck. That.
... Fuck. This.
Fuck.<unk>.
tell em bout that broken slide!!!
Tell em battle that broken slide!!!
Tell them that the slide has broken!!!
tell em all that broken slide!!!
tell em bout at that broken slide!!!
<unk> em bout that broken slide!!!
it's trash.  
It's garbage.
it's trash.
it's awesome.
But it's trash.
it's a.
This game don’t make any sense  
This game doesn't make sense
This game doesn't make any sense
This game don’t make any mistakes
This game don ’ t make any fucking sense
football game don’t make any sense
I'm sorry I can't imagine giving a shit in this the year of our lord 2020
I'm sorry I can't imagine doing a shit in this year of our Lord 2020
I'm sorry I can't imagine giving a shit in this the year of our lord 2020
I'm sorry I can't imagine giving a shit in being the year of our lord 2020
I'm sorry I actually can't imagine myself giving a single shit though in this the year of our lord 2020
I'm sorry they can't imagine showing a shit in this the year of our for 2020
@Treyarch I pre-ordered black ops cold War and it won't let me play the beta
@ Treyarch I've pre-ordered Black Ops Cold War and it won't let me play the beta
@ Treyarch I pre-ordered black ops Cold War and it won't let me play the beta
@Treyarch I honor-ordered black ops cold War and it won't let me play via beta
Jeremy @Treyarch I pre - ordered black ops cold before War Games and it won't let even me play the beta
@Treyarch I pre-ordered black ops cold order and it couldn't let me play through beta
Am I the only one who thinks Black Ops Cold War kill notifications/health bars look incredibly distracting? Maybe make them 50% smaller and change the color to something else that is not white.
Am I the only one who thinks that Black Ops kill notifications / health bars are incredibly distracting? Make them maybe 50% smaller and change the color to something else that is not white.
Maybe make them 50% smaller and change color to something other than white?
Am I the only one just thinks Black Ops Cold War kill notifications/health bars look incredibly bad? Maybe make them 50% smaller just change the color to something else that is not white.
Am I the only one who obviously thinks these Black Ops Cold War kill notifications / health bars look rather incredibly distracting? 65 Maybe make them 50 % the smaller and... change the color to something else that clearly is so not white.
Am I then only one who thinks Black Ops Cold drinks party notifications/health bars look too distracting? Maybe make them look smaller and change the color of something else that is not white.
Score Streaks are the worst thing to happen in Black Ops Cold War . 
Score streaks are the worst thing that can happen in Black Ops Cold War.
Strikes are the worst thing that can happen in a cold war between blacks and whites.
Score Streaks are the worst thing to happen in Spec Ops Cold War.
Score Streaks they are the worst thing to happen even in Black Square Ops Cold War.
<unk> Streaks are the worst thing to happen in Black Ops Cold Sea.
@Xfinity The Call of Duty: Black Ops Cold War open beta link in the e-mail sent early this morning doesn't work... pic.twitter.com/6GEVf2xCtx
@ Xfinity The Call of Duty: Black Ops Cold War open beta link in the email that will be sent this morning does not work... pic.twitter.com / 6GEVf2xCtx
@ Xfinity The Call of Duty: Black Ops Cold War open beta link in an email sent in the early morning does not work... pic.wikipedia.org / 6GE2xCtx
RhandlerR The Call of Duty: Black Ops Cold War open beta link in the e-mail sent early this morning doesn't work... pic.twitter.com/6GEVf2xCtx
The RhandlerR The Call of Duty: Black Ops Cold War open beta link in the e-mail sent early this morning doesn't work... pic.twitter.com/6GEVf2xCtx
I
looks ass ngl
looks ass ngl
It looks stunning.
looks / ngl
looks ass w ngl
looks pretty ngl
The base weapons of black ops Cold War are so ass 🥴
Cold War Black Ops' basic weapons are so good
"Cold War Black Hawk's Basic Weapon Is a So-called ""ass"""
The cyber weapons of black ops Cold War are so ass 🥴
T The defense base weapons of black ops Cold War are so ass [UNK]
The base weapons of black ops Cold War Not so good <unk>
 
It is not the first time that the EU Commission has taken such a step.
"At the same time



Wtf
Wtf
Wtf
Wtf
with Wtf
not
Yikes. I have to pay more to play on both consoles? Fuck man.  
Yikes. I have to pay more to play on both consoles? Fuck man.
"Yes
Yikes. I have it pay more to play on both consoles? Fuck man.
Yikes. I have decided to pay you more to play on both consoles? Mr Fuck man.
Yikes. you have to pay more to play the both consoles? Fuck man.
Holy Fucking Shit!!! Yes!!!!
Holy shit!!! Yes!!!!
Holy Fucking Shit!!! Yes!!!
Holy Holy Shit!!! Yes!!!!
Holy Fucking Jesus Shit!!! Oh Yes!!!!
Holy Fucking Shit!!! At
wtf is cold war man just remaster black ops 2 already
wtf is cold war man just remaster black ops 2 already
wtf is the Cold War man who just released Black Hawk 2
wtf is cold war y just remaster black ops 2 already
wtf is that cold war man just remaster of black market ops 2 already
wtf is cold war man just remaster<unk> ops by already
Hell yeah!
"Hell
Good morning and welcome!
Hell no!
Hell oh yeah!
Hell You!
So CoD:Black Ops Cold War is gonna be ass? @RealThunder402 where are we dropping at?
So CoD: Black Ops Cold War will be an ass? @ RealThunder402 Where do we fall?
So CoD: Black Ops Cold War is gonna be ass? @ RealThunder402 where are we dropping at?
So CoD:Black Ops Cold War<unk> gonna be ass? @RealThunder402 where were we dropping at?
So CoD : And Black Circle Ops thinks Cold War is gonna be ass? @RealThunder402 to where are we dropping at?
So CoD:Black American Global War is gonna our ass? @RealThunder402 where are we dropping at?
Vehicles look super annoying.  
Vehicles look super annoying.
Looks super irritating.
Vehicles are super annoying.
Vehicles do look super annoying.
Vehicles got super annoying.
@CallofDuty y’all really fucked up Black Ops Cold War lmao get ready for a flop
@ CallofDuty y'all really fucked Black Ops cold war lmao get ready for a flop
@ CfDuty y'all really fucked up Black Ops Cold War lmao get ready for a flop
@CallofDuty<unk> really fucked up Black Ops Cold War movie get ready for a flop
with @CallofDuty y u ’ all really fucked up Black Ops Cold War lmao i get ready for... a flop
@CallofDuty y’all really up off Black Ops Cold War lmao get ready get that flop
This shit is about to be so hard isn’t it
"This shit gets so hard
This shit is about to be so hard isn't it
This job is about to be so hard isn’t it
This boy shit is about to be so hard isn... ’ t it
This shit is about on be so hard isn’t it
Can we keep warzone as the COD br and consistently update that and then just focus on multiplayer for this year pls. Multiplayer is now suffering because of the focus on br in the last two games
Can we keep Warzone as COD br and update it consistently and then just focus on multiplayer for this year? Multiplayer now suffers from the focus on br in the last two games.
"Can we keep warzone as COD br and update it consistently
Can we keep warzone as my COD br ll consistently update that and then just focus to multiplayer for this year pls. Multiplayer is now suffering because of the focus only br in the last two games
Can we keep warzone open as for the COD br and very consistently update that engine and then just focus back on multiplayer for this year more pls. Multiplayer is now suffering further because of the focus on br in over the last two games
Can we keep warzone as the COD br and simply update that and then just focus in multiplayer for this year pls. Multiplayer is being suffering because of low impact on br in the last 15 games
"Black Ops Cold War is definitely a step down from Modern Warfare. There's no double time or leaning
"Black Ops Cold War is definitely a step back from Modern Warfare. There is no double time or inclination
"Black Ops Cold War is definitely a step away from Modern Warfare. There's no double time or tilt
"Black Ops Cold Game is definitely a step down from Constant Warfare. There's no double time or leaning
"Black Ops Cold War is definitely a step down completely from Modern Ground Warfare. There'isn s no double time shooting or leaning
"Black Ops Cold War is definitely a step over from Modern West. The's no forward time or leaning
Why am I excited about a Call of Duty game what the fuck
"Why am I excited about a Call of Duty game
Why I'm excited about Call of Duty game that fuck
Why am<unk> excited about a Call of Duty game what the fuck
32 Why am I excited about a Call of Duty game what that the fuck
Why NOT I excited about a Call of Duty game what the fuck
 
It is not the first time that the EU Commission has taken such a step.
"At the same time



This game sucks  

This game sucks
This game history
This Football game sucks
This game in
Fuck y’all
Fuck y'all
Fuck y'all
Fuck you
Fuck y from ’ all
Fuck y’all
Worst way to die in the  
The worst way to die in the world
The Worst Way to Die in
Worst way to die among the
Worst way to die in America the
the way to die in the
dont do this please
Please don't do that
dont do this please
dont do this again
dont do about this please
dont buy this please
"""Strong SBMM"". Yep
"""Strong SBMM."" Yes
"""Strong SBMM."" Yep
"""Strong SBMM"". Yep
""" Strong SBMM "". 2 Yep
"""Strong SBMM"". Yep
Say goodbye to your 825 GB on PS5. It’s all gonna be gone after this
Say goodbye to your 825 GB on the PS5. After that it's all over
Say goodbye to your 825 GB on PS5. It's all gone to be gone after this
Say goodbye to your 825 GB on PS5. It’s all just go gone after this
No Say proper goodbye to your old 825 GB cell on PS5. It ’ s all gonna be gone after this
Say goodbye from your 825 GB Toshiba PS5. It’s just gonna be gone after this
Beautiful graphics - I loved the first Black Ops.
Nice graphics - I loved the first Black Ops.
I liked the first Black Ops.
Beautiful graphics - I loved the awesome Black Ops.
Beautiful graphics - I had loved purchasing the first Black Ops.
D graphics - I loved the first Black Ops.
Fuck this game already
Fuck this game
Fuck this game already
Fuck this game now
Fuck this game over already
Fuck this I already
my pc is crying
My PC is crying
my pc is crying
my child is crying
Immediately my pc is crying
my pc is on
@Treyarch any possibility of updating blackout to be cross platform? It doesn’t even have to be on the new game. I think it would be a great idea for people not into warzone. A ton of bigger streamers also prefer it.  
@ Treyarch any way to update Blackout to be cross-platform? It doesn't even have to be on the new game. I think it would be a great idea for people who aren't in war zones. A ton of bigger streamers prefer it too.
@ Treyarch any opportunity of updating blackout to be cross platform? It doesn't even have to be on the new game. I think it would be a great idea for people not into warzone. A ton of bigger streamers also prefer it.
@Treyarch = possibility of updating blackout to be cross platform? It doesn’t even have to be of the new game. I think it would be its great idea for people not into warzone. A part of bigger streamers might prefer it.
Was @Treyarch any possibility of updating blackout hardware to be cross platform? It doesn ’ t even have to be on the new simulation game. But I think it sure would be a great fun idea for people not into this warzone. A stuff ton of bigger paper streamers also would prefer it.
@Treyarch any possibility of updating blackout to the cross platform? It doesn’t even have to interact on the actual game. Just think it would be a great idea for people not into warzone. Got ton of cool streamers also support it.
Let's hope @Treyarch do something to remove the racist and hateful language in Black Ops Cold War since @InfinityWard don't seem to give a shit
"Let's hope @ Treyarch does something to eliminate the racist and hateful language in Black Ops Cold War
"Let's hope @ Treyarch does something to remove racist and hateful language in Black Ops Cold War
Let's have @Treyarch do something to remove the racist and hateful language in Black Ops Cold War since @InfinityWard don't seem to know a fig
But Let's hope @Treyarch do something to remove the racist verbal and other hateful language encountered in Black IT Ops Cold War since obviously @InfinityWard don'd t seem to give a shit
Let's hope in doing something to remove the black and hateful language in Black Ops Cold War since @Treyarch don't like to fuck a shit
go on cod for 30 mins and you will be called every slur imagineable and see three users with the n word in their screenname but yeah! nb war criminals
"Go on cod for 30 minutes and you'll be called every conceivable slur and see three users with the n-word in their first name
"Go on cod for 30 minutes and you'll be called every imaginary slur and see three users with the n-word in their script
go on cod for 30 mins and ye will be called every slur r and see three users with the n word in their screenname but yeah! nb<unk> criminals
go on cod board for 30 mins and you will be called for every slur imagineable and see you three users with just the 5 n word in to their screenname and but yeah! nb war criminals
go on cod for 30 mins and you will be called your nickname imagineable we see three users with the n a in their screenname so yeah! nb war criminals
"The recent Warzone and Modern Warfare patch has leaked tons of Black Ops: Cold War details including singleplayer campaign description
"The latest patch for Warzone and Modern Warfare has leaked tons of details about Black Ops: Cold War
"The recent Warzone and Modern Warfare patch leaked tons of Black Ops: Cold War details
"The latest Warzone and Modern Warfare patch has leaked tons of Black Ops: Cold War details including singleplayer campaign description
"The latest recent Warzone and Modern Continental Warfare patch has successfully leaked 3 tons of Black Ops : 2 Cold War edition details including singleplayer campaign description
"The recent Warzone 6 Modern Warfare patch has leaked tons of Black Rising: Dark Blood details including singleplayer campaign description
I don’t know who needs to hear this but black ops Cold War was supposed to be extended for everyone till Tuesday 1 PM Eastern time why isn’t it working hasn’t been working since yesterday @Xbox @XboxSupport @ATVIAssist @Treyarch   
"I don't know who needs to hear this
I don't know who needs it but the blacklist had to be extended for everyone until 1pm Tuesday ET why it hasn't worked since yesterday @ Xbox @ XboxSupport @ ATVIAssist @ Treyarch
I don’t know who needs to fix this but black ops Cold File was supposed to be extended for now till Tuesday 1 PM Eastern time why isn’t surveillance working hasn’t been working since yesterday<unk> @Xbox @XboxSupport @ATVIAssist
I frankly don ’ t even know who has needs him to really hear this but black ops Cold War was supposed to not be extended for everyone till Tuesday 1 PM Eastern time why isn ’ t it not working... hasn ’ t been working out since midnight yesterday @Xbox @XboxSupport @ATVIAssist @Treyarch
I don’t think who surprised to hear this the black ops Cold War was supposed to start having for free till Tuesday 1 PM Eastern time why isn’t it working even started working since yesterday @Xbox @XboxSupport @ATVIAssist @Treyarch
this is repugnant
This is disgusting
this is repugnant
this is insane
this is highly repugnant
this is the
crazy audio immersion in the new call of duty pic.twitter.com/vFtlJ5Ljcp
Crazy audio immersion in the new Call of Duty pic.twitter.com / vFtlJ5Ljcp
Crazy Audio Dive Into New Duty Challenge pic.wikipedia.org / vFtlJ5Ljcp
crazy audio immersion in the new call of duty pic.twitter.com/vFtlJ5Ljcp
V crazy audio immersion in the new call of duty pic.twitter.com/vFtlJ5Ljcp
and
I thought the graphics will be like the one in black ops 1 but i was very disappointed when i saw the trailer . .  
"I thought the graphics would be similar to those in Black Ops 1
I thought the graphics will be like the one in black ops 1 but i was very disappointed when i saw the trailer.
I wish the graphics will be like seen one in black ops 1 but i was very disappointed when i saw the trailer..
I thought saying the graphics will be like the one in black ops episode 1 but i guess was very much disappointed when i saw the second trailer..
I intended the graphics should be like the one in black ops 1 until i was very disappointed day i saw the trailer..
oh @Scoob_713 this is what u meant by that- oh naw this is dog shit
oh @ Scoob _ 713 that's what u meant by that - oh naw that's dog shit
oh @ Scoob _ 713 this is what u meant by that- oh naw this is dog shit
oh @Scoob_713 this is what u meant to that- oh naw this is dog shit
a oh @Scoob_713 this is about what u meant by that - oh naw look this place is dog shit
oh @Scoob_713 this<unk> what u meant by that- oh naw this lazy dog for
"Unless @Treyarch takes out the damn bushes from Cartel
"If @ Treyarch does not remove the damn shrubs from Cartel
"The indifferent @ Treyarch takes the damn money out of the cartel
"Unless @Treyarch takes out those damn bushes for Cartel
"... Unless a @Treyarch takes out the damn bushes from Cartel
"where everybody takes in the damn bushes from Cartel
Oh dear god my computer is gonna get fried from all this
"Oh dear God
Oh dear god my computer is gonna get fried from all this
Oh dear god my computer is gonna get fried from all..
Oh dear your god my computer interface is gonna get fried from all this
Oh dear oh my computer is gonna run fried from all this
Exclusive to PlayStation? Oh fuck off. pic.twitter.com/1NwFtyVXeX
Exclusive to PlayStation? Oh damn! pic.twitter.com / 1NwFtyVXeX
Exclusive for the PlayStation? Oh fuck. pic.wikipedia.org / 1NwFtyVXeX
Exclusive to PlayStation? Oh fuck off. pic.twitter.com/1NwFtyVXeX
and Exclusive to PlayStation? Oh fuck off. pic.twitter.com/1NwFtyVXeX
<unk>
are you FUCKING kidding me
Are you kidding me?
are you FUCKING kidding me
are you FUCKING kidding<unk>
Or are you FUCKING kidding me
rent you FUCKING kidding me
SBMM is seriously ruining the fun gaming should be. Why are developers insisting on implementing this?!  . . Either have it as a setting or a separate mode ffs.
SBMM seriously ruins the fun of the game. Why do the developers insist on doing this?!... Either as a setting or as separate mode-ffs.
Why do developers insist on this?!. They have it both in the settings and in a separate mode.
SBMM is seriously ruining the fun gaming should be. Why are developers insisting on implementing this?! .. Either have it as a gem or with general mode ffs.
SBMM is seriously ruining the fun a gaming gaming should be. Yet Why else are developers insisting on implementing this?!.. Either have it introduced as a setting or a separate play mode in ffs.
SBMM is seriously ruining the character gaming should be. Why are those insisting on implementing this?!.. Either an RPG as a setting or a few gaming ffs.
@amazon wtf . 
@ amazon wtf.
@ amazon wtf.
@amazon wtf?
7 @amazon wtf.
<unk> wtf.
"I’m really disappointed with amazon today! I ordered a kindle from lightning deal
"I am really disappointed with Amazon today! I ordered a lightning deal
"I'm really disappointed with amazon today! I ordered a Kindle from lighting deal
"I’m extremely disappointed with amazon today! I ordered a kindle from lightning deal
"I mean ’ wa m really disappointed with amazon sale today! I ordered a fresh kindle from lightning deal
"I’m really bad on amazon today! I ordered a kindle from lightning deal
@amazon probably some of the worst customer service I’ve had to deal with lately
@ amazon probably the worst customer service I've had to deal with lately
@ amazon is probably one of the worst customer services I've had to deal with lately
@amazon probably some of the strongest customer service I’ve had to deal with lately
@amazon probably some of the worst customer computer service I ’ ve had you to properly deal with lately
@amazon has some of the worst internet service I’ve had to deal with lately
Amazon be having a nigga fucked up
Amazon getting fucked with a ebony
Amazon Be Having a Nigga Fucked Up
Amazon be having a nigga shake up
Amazon be having a nigga fucked everything up
Amazon be having a nigga bust up
So...I'm @amazon prime videos version of  
So... I'm @ amazon Prime video version of
So... I'm @ amazon prime video version
So...I'm @amazon for videos version of
So... I'm Jamie @amazon the prime videos online version of
So...I'm @amazon prime guy version 1
You wanna slow the spread Shut Down  
You want to slow the spread Shut Down
You want to slow the spread of Shut Down
You wanna slow the spread<unk> Down
You wanna slow with the spread Shut Down
You wanna slow off spread Shut Down
Thanks. Have emailed  
Thank you. Have emailed
Thanks. Have email
Thanks. Correction emailed
Thanks. Have ya emailed
back. Have emailed
I refuse to buy books off of amazon. I miss the book store . 
I refuse to buy books on Amazon and miss the bookstore.
"I refuse to buy books from Amazon
I refuse me buy books off of amazon. I miss the book store.
I simply refuse usually to buy books off of amazon. So I miss the book store.
Please refuse to buy books off of amazon. You miss the book store.
"I’m always saddened by how many tweets we dedicate to talking about the same things over and over again looool
"I'm always sad about how many tweets we use to talk about the same things over and over again
"I am always frustrated by the number of tweets in which we talk about the same things over and over again
"I’m always saddened with how little tweets we dedicate to talking about the same things over and over again looool
"I ain ’ m always saddened by imagining how many tweets we dedicate itself to talking about the same things over and over again and looool
"get really saddened by how many moments we dedicate to talking about this same subject over and over again looool
today i waved at the amazon prime delivery guy but he didn't see me
Today I waved to the Amazon Prime delivery guy but he didn't see me
today i waved at the amazon prime delivery guy but he didn't see me
today i waved at the amazon milk delivery guy but he didn't see me
Only today i waved at the amazon prime delivery guy but suddenly he about didn't see me
today i waved at the amazon email delivery guy but he can't see me
"I only know that I will be wearing one from now on along with gloves. It's going to be my new norm. Most of the public still cannot find masks. If u order off of Amazon
"All I know is that I will wear one from now on
"I only know that I will be wearing one from now along groves. It's going to be my new norm. Most of the public still cannot find masks. If u order off of Amazon
"I only know how I will be wearing one from yesterday on equipped with gloves. It's supposed to be my old friend. Most of the public still cannot find masks. If u order off of Amazon
"I only know that I will be wearing one from now on along with with gloves. It's going to definitely be my then new norm. com Most of the public still cannot find masks.... If u order it off of Amazon
"I only know that this will continue wearing makeup from home right along with gloves. It's going to be my new norm. Most of it time still cannot find masks. If u order products of Amazon
"Now now
"Well
"Now
"Now now
"1 Now now
"Now now
Betrayal is Amazon saying your packages were delivered but they weren’t smh
Betrayal is Amazon saying your packages were delivered but they weren't smh
Amazon says your parcels were delivered but they were not smh
Betrayal<unk> Amazon saying your packages were delivered but they weren’t smh
Betrayal is Amazon Security saying your packages were delivered but they weren the ’ all t smh
Betrayal is Amazon saying your packages went wrong but they weren’t smh
Amazon Basics or Amazon Recommended products have a bad track record in my opinion. 4/5 items broke conveniently the month after their warranty expired.  
Amazon Basics or Amazon Recommended Products have a poor track record in my opinion. 4 / 5 items broke conveniently one month after the warranty expired.
"Amazon or Amazon Readed products
Amazon Basics or Amazon Recommended products have a bad road record in my opinion. 4/5 items broke conveniently the month after after warranty expired.
All Amazon Basics Now or Amazon Recommended products have a bad track of record period in my opinion. 4 / 5 items broke conveniently in the first month after their warranty expired.
Amazon Basics or Amazon Recommended products have a bad track day in my column. 4/5 already broke conveniently the one after their warranty expired.
"@amazonIN @amazon @AmazonHelp . On top of that
"@ amazonIN @ amazon @ AmazonHelp. On top of that
"@ amazonIN @ amazon @ AmazonHelp. Also
"@amazonIN @amazon.. On top off that
"→ @amazonIN @amazon @AmazonHelp. On top of trying that
"@amazonIN return @amazon. on top of that
So apparently Fred Perry is discontinuing the shirt that the Proud Boys wear. They do know that they sell knockoffs on Amazon right? 🤦. ‍.  So stupid.
"Apparently Fred Perry is hiring the shirt the Proud Boys are wearing
"So apparently Fred Perry takes off the Proud Boys shirt. They know they're selling knock-downs on Amazon
So now Fred Perry is discontinuing the shirt that the Proud Boys wear. They do know if they sell knockoffs of Amazon right? 🤦. ‍.  So stupid.
the So apparently after Fred Perry also is now discontinuing the shirt that the Proud Boys wear. They do know that they will sell knockoffs on Amazon right? [UNK].. No So no stupid.
is apparently Fred Perry is discontinuing the shirt that the Original Four wear. They do know and they sell shirt on Amazon right? <unk>.. So stupid.
Really Amazon. Fuck off no way .. .  
Really Amazon. Fuck off no way...
Really Amazon. Fuck off no way...
Really Amazon. Fuck off no way not.
Really Amazon. Fuck off or no goddamn way...
Really Amazon. Fuck it no it...
"@amazonIN and @rblbank i frustrated due to missing conversation between both of you
"@ amazonIN and @ rblbank I frustrated due to lack of conversations between you both
"@ amazonIN and @ rblbank I'm upset about a missed call between both of you
"@amazonIN and @rblbank i frustrated owing to missing conversation between 2 of you
"@amazonIN and indeed @rblbank i frustrated that due to missing conversation between both of you
"sorry and much i frustrated due for missing conversation with three of you
"Hey @amazon I understand with everything going on there's a delay in actually shipping orders but why is it when they are now shipped (which has been relatively quick) 
"Hey @ amazon I understand that with everything that is going on there is a delay in the actual delivery of orders
"Hey @ amazon I understand with everything going on there's a delay in de facto shipping orders but why is it when they are now shipped (which has been relatively quick)
"Hey @amazon I heard with everything going on there's a delay in actually shipping<unk> but why is it when orders are now processed (which has been relatively quick)
"Hey @amazon I well understand with this everything going going on there's a major delay in actually shipping their orders now but... why is in it just when they are now shipped ( which has been relatively quick )
"Kevin @amazon I understand when everything going on there's this decrease in actually shipping orders but why is it when these are now shipped (which has been relatively new)
Researchers disclosed flaws in Amazon Alexa that could allow attackers to access personal data and install skills on Echo devices.. .  
Researchers revealed vulnerabilities in Amazon Alexa that could allow attackers to access personal data and install capabilities on Echo devices.
Researchers have discovered valves in Amazon's Alexa that could allow attackers to access personal data and install skills on Echo devices.
Researchers disclosed flaws in Amazon Alexa that could allow attackers to access personal data and language skills on Echo devices.. »
Other Researchers disclosed flaws in Amazon Alexa that often could allow attackers to remotely access personal computer data and install skills on Echo devices...
Researchers disclosed flaws in Amazon Alexa products could allow attackers to access account data and install code on Echo devices...
Amazon fires two employees critical of warehouse working conditions: The Seattle-based firm has been facing public scrutiny over safety and working conditions after cases of COVID-19 were reported in some of its facilities nbcnews.com/tech/tech-news…
Amazon fires two employees critical of working conditions at warehouses: The Seattle-based company is facing a public review of safety and working conditions after cases of COVID-19 were reported at some of its facilities nbcnews.com / tech / tech-news...
Amazon fires two employees critical of working conditions: Seattle-based firm faces public scrutiny over safety and working conditions after COVID-19 incidents were reported at some of its facilities nnews.com / tech / tech-news...
Amazon fires two employees ahead of warehouse working conditions: a Seattle-based firm has began facing public scrutiny over safety at working conditions because cases of COVID-19 were reported in some of its facilities nbcnews.com/tech/tech-news…
Amazon fires two employees critical of warehouse working performance conditions : 2013 The largest Seattle - based firm Aurora has been facing intense public scrutiny over safety and working practice conditions after cases of COVID - 19 were reported in just some sectors of its own facilities via nbcnews. com / tech / tech - news …
Amazon fires two employees critical of warehouse working conditions: Her Seattle-based firm was been facing harsh scrutiny over criticism of working conditions after cases of COVID-19 were reported in raids at their facilities nbcnews.com/tech/tech-news...
Plague of Corruption is  
The plague of corruption is
The Corruption Plague Is
Plague without Corruption is
Plague of Public Corruption is
age of Corruption is
My Amazon review for a barrel of monkeys: Barrel arrived but all monkeys sick or dead. One .  would not recommend.
"My Amazon report for a barrel of monkeys: Barrel arrived
"My Amazon review of the monkey barrel: The barrel has arrived
My Amazon review for a barrel of monkeys: Barrel arrived but all monkeys sick<unk> ill. One.  would not recommend.
My Amazon Edition review is for a barrel full of sleeping monkeys : Barrel arrived but all monkeys be sick or dead. One. would not recommend.
My Amazon review most amazing meal on monkeys: Barrel arrived but all monkeys sick or dead. One. would not recommend.
"Even as sites like Amazon and states try to crack down on price gouging
"Even as sites like Amazon and the states try to clamp down on price-gouging
Great story from @ D _ Towski. riverfronttimes.com / newsblog / 2020 /...
"Even as sites like Amazon and states try to brush down on price scams
"Even as sites like Amazon sites and states try to crack down again on price tag gouging
"Even while fans boycott Amazon while states try to crack down on price gouging
@JeffBezos  Fuck Amazon. Love your people better.  
@ JeffBezos Fuck Amazon. Love your people better.
@ JeffBezos Fuck Amazon. Love your people better.
@JeffBezos  Fuck Amazon. Love your own better.
@JeffBezos Fuck Amazon. Love gets your people working better.
@JeffBezos Fuck Amazon. Love your body better.
@amazon @amazonIN @AmazonHelp I pre-booked nord phone on 30th July on amazon grey onyx (Not yet dispatched). Someone Bought one today in prime sale and it is already under shipping with a commitment to deliver by tomorrow. You are intentionally cheating customers who pre-booked.
@ amazon @ amazonIN @ AmazonHelp I pre-booked (not yet shipped) on amazon grey onyx on July 30th. Someone bought it today in Prime Sale and it is already shipping with the promise to deliver by tomorrow. They are deliberately deceiving customers who pre-booked.
@ amazon @ amazonIN @ AmazonHelp I pre-ordered the northern phone on July 30 on Amazon Grey Onyx (not yet ordered). Someone bought it today in prime sale and it is already on delivery with an obligation to deliver by tomorrow. You are deliberately deceiving customers who pre-ordered.
@amazon @amazonIN @AmazonHelp I pre-booked this phone on 30th July 2017 amazon grey onyx (Not properly dispatched). Someone Bought one today on prime sale and it is still under shipping with a commitment to deliver by tomorrow. You are intentionally cheating customers whom pre-booked.
@amazon @amazonIN @AmazonHelp I purchased pre - booked nord via phone on 30th I July on amazon grey onyx ( note Not yet dispatched ). Oh Someone Bought one today in some prime auction sale case and it really is already under shipping with a big commitment to deliver by tomorrow. You are intentionally cheating customers who pre - booked.
@amazon Bad @amazonIN I pre-booked nord phone on 30th November on amazon grey onyx (Not yet dispatched). Someone had one today for prime stock and it is already under shipping with a timetable to shipment by Christmas. Police are systematically cheating customers who pre-booked.
"This is a crime against humanity & should be treated as such. No one needs that much money. Just think of what $188 billion could do to for schools
"This is a crime against humanity and should be treated as such: no one needs that much money
It is a crime against humanity and should be treated as such. No one needs so much money.
"This is a crime against humanity & should be treated at such. No one needed that much money. Now think of what $188 billion could do to for food
"This is clearly a crime against humanity & should be treated treated as such. No one needs that too much money. 1 Just please think of what $ 188 a billion could do it to for fund schools
"This is a crime upon humanity & should be treated as sin. No one needs that much money. And think of what $188 we could do to fund schools
"fyi
"fyi
"Think about it!... Apple won't give either.... Everyone already knows that @ Equifax is a kompromat
"fyi
"and fyi
a
"I am proud that having vexed the moronic plans of an L8 manager at @amazon to show productivity by reclaiming my RSUs for an L8 position rather than demonstrating results
"I am proud that after irritating the crazy plans of an L8 manager at @ amazon to show productivity by reclaiming my RSUs for an L8 position instead of showing results
"I'm proud to be on their list not to be re-hired because yes
"I am proud considering having vexed the moronic plans as an L8 manager at @amazon to show productivity by reclaiming my RSUs for an L8 position rather therefore demonstrating results
"I am proud that having so vexed the moronic plans of an independent L8 manager at @amazon manages to show productivity by reclaiming my RSUs for an excellent L8 position and rather than demonstrating better results
"I am proud at having vexed the moronic whilst requesting an L8 manager within @amazon to show productivity by reclaiming my RSUs for an equivalent position rather than demonstrating independence
"Yo @PrimeVideo 
"Yo @ PrimeVideo
"Yo @ PrimeVideo
"Yo RhandlerR 
"The Yo RhandlerR 
to
Mistake  

Error
Mistake
My Mistake
the
Alibaba and Aliexpress do not sell real Salux  
Alibaba and Aliexpress do not sell real Salux
Alibaba and Aliexpress won't sell real estate to Salux
Alibaba and Aliexpress do not sell under Salux
Alibaba and Aliexpress still don't sell real brand Salux
Alibaba x Aliexpress do not sell real Salux
"seriously at this point
"Seriously at this point
"Seriously at this point
"seriously at that point
"re seriously saying at this point
"seriously at this point
"Anyone who knows me knows that I hate pre-ordering games on Amazon because they make you wait all day before your package gets here and I’d rather go to GameStop early in the morning... That being said
"Anyone who knows me knows that I hate pre-ordering games on Amazon because they make you wait all day before your package arrives here
"Anyone who knows me knows that I hate pre-orders for games on Amazon because they make you wait all day before your package gets here and I'd rather go to GameStop early in the morning... Having said that
"Anyone who knows me knows that I hate pre-ordering games on Amazon because they make you wait all day before your package gets here and I’d rather go to GameStop early in the morning... That being said
"R Anyone who knows me knows that I hate pre-ordering games on Amazon because they make you wait all day before your package gets here and I’d rather go to GameStop early in the morning... That being said
a
So fucked 🤣
So damn!
So fucked up?
So fucked up
So we fucked [UNK]
felt fucked <unk>
Amazon Hit From All Sides as Crisis Highlights Growing Power thealexanews.com/gadgets/amazon…
Amazon hit from all sides as crisis highlights growing power thealexanews.com / gadgets / amazon...
Amazon From All Sides as Crisis Highlights Growing Power thealexanews.com / gadgets / amazon...
Amazon Hit From Three Sides as Crisis Highlights online thealexanews.com/gadgets/amazon…
While Amazon Hit it From All Sides as Crisis Highlights of Growing beyond Power thealexanews.... com / gadgets / amazon …
Amazon Read By All Reports as Crisis Highlights Nuclear Power thealexanews.com/gadgets/amazon...
Hello Amazon India what happen what action taken about my order which canceled by your delivery team.. When I will get my refund.?
"Hello Amazon India
"Hello Amazon India What happened
Hello Amazon India what happen what action taken about my order which processed by your delivery team.. When where will get my refund.?
Hello Amazon India what happen sir what about action taken about taking my order which canceled by removing your delivery team.. When I will get all my refund.?
Hello Amazon India what happen what action taken about my order which canceled both the delivery team.. When I will lose my shipment.?
"@amazon highly disappointed with amazon 
"@ amazon is very disappointed with amazon
"@ amazon is very disappointed with Amazon
"@amazon highly disappointed with amazon
"The @amazon highly disappointed with amazon
"personally highly disappointed with amazon
“Amazon is a great devouring beast of a business which has had a massive and not exactly positive impact on the world’s environment. Its treatment of staff is highly questionable. ” gu.com/p/dabz5/stw
"""Amazon is a big eater of a company that has had a massive and not exactly positive impact on the world's environment and whose treatment of employees is highly questionable."" gu.com / p / dabz5 / stw"
"""Amazon is a big abomination to a business that has had a huge and not entirely positive impact on the environment in the world
“Amazon is a great devouring beast or trash business and has had a disastrous and not exactly positive impact onto the world’s environment. Its treatment of staff is highly questionable. ” gu.com/p/dabz5/stw
“ company Amazon is a great devouring beast of... a global business empire which has had a massive success and not even exactly positive negative impact on the world ’ s unique environment. Its treatment of their staff is highly questionable. ” on gu. com / p / dabz5 / stw
“Amazon is a shame devouring pleasure of a business that has had relatively few and not exactly positive impacts on the world’s environment. Its loyalty of staff is highly questionable. ” gu.com/p/dabz5/stw
im calling amazon to see why i got charged bc i couldnt do anything on the app and im having anxiety rn lol
im calling amazon to see why i got charged bc i couldnt do anything on the app and im having fear rn lol
im calling amazon to see why i got charged bc i couldnt do anything on the app and im having anergy lol
im calling amazon to see why i got charged bc id couldnt do anything on the app and this having anxiety rn lol
remembered im calling amazon friend to f see why i got charged bc i couldnt do anything on the app and im having anxiety attack rn with lol
im calling amazon to learn why i got anxious bc i couldnt do anything on the app c im low anxiety rn lol
I JUST BOUGHT SOME FUCKING AIRPODS AND AMAZON IS SUSPENDING DELIVERIES . . FUCK YOU JEFF BEZOS. GIVE ME MY DAMN AIRPODS
"I MUST FUCK SOME VEGETABLES
I FUTURE A SOME FUCTION OF AIRPOD AND AMASON SUPPORT A DELIVERY... FUCU JEFF BUOS. Give me MY DAME AIRPOD.
I JUST BOUGHT SOME FUCKING ICE AND AMAZON IS BEST DELIVERIES.. FUCK YOU ICE BEZOS. GIVE ME YOUR DAMN AIRPODS
AND I AM JUST THE BOUGHT A SOME FUCKING AIRPODS AND AMAZON IS SUSPENDING OF DELIVERIES.. YOU FUCK IN YOU and JEFF BEZOS. and GIVE ME TO MY DAMN AIRPODS
YOU A BOUGHT SOME fucking AIRPODS or AMERICA IS SUSPENDING DELIVERIES.. FUCK these fucking BEZOS. Give ME MY DAMN AIRPODS
Between apple & amazon ion know who the worst when it comes to taking my damn money
Between Apple and Amazon ions know who's worst when it comes to taking my damn money
"Between Apple and Amazon
Between apple & amazon ion know who the worst when it comes to taking my damn iPhone
Between my apple & an amazon ion know who the worst when it even comes to taking my damn money
Between apple & amazon ion know just the worst when it comes to taking my damn sweet
A N Y B O D Y WHO IS STILL ORDERING SHIT OFF AMAZON IS A PIECE OF SHIT AND HAS BLOOD ON THEIR HANDS
A N Y B O D Y Who Is Still Order Shit OFF AMAZON is a piece of shit and has blood on her hands
Whoever orders it WITHOUT AMAZON WITHIN WITHIN WITHIN WITHIN WITHIN WITHIN WITHIN WITHIN WITHIN WITHIN WITHIN WITHIN WITHIN WITHIN WITHIN WITHIN WITHIN WITHIN WITHIN WITHIN WITHIN WITHIN WITHIN WITHIN WITHIN WITHIN WITHIN WITHIN WITHIN WITHIN WITHIN WITHIN WITHIN WITHIN WITHIN WITHIN WITHIN WITHIN WITHIN WITHIN WITHIN WITHIN WITHIN WITHIN WITHIN WITHIN W
A N Y V O D Y WHO IS STILL ORDERING HIM OFF AMAZON IS A PIECE OF SHIT AND HAS BLOOD ON THESE HANDS
I A G N Y B O Y D Y A WHO IS STILL ORDERING ON SHIT ON OFF AMAZON IS A L PIECE OF OF SHIT AND HAS BLOOD ON YOU THEIR HANDS
A N Y B X D Y AND IS NOT ORDERING SHIT OFF AMAZON IS A PIECE N Y AND HAS BLOOD ON A HANDS
"why is it so hard to not find shit online on amazon
"Why is it so hard to find any shit online on Amazon
"why it's so hard not to find shit online on amazon
"why is technology so hard to not find shit online on amazon
"Ok why is it so freaking hard to just not find shit online on by amazon
"so find it so hard to always find buy online on amazon
Yo lowkey I feel like amazon is always charging me random amounts for shit I didnt buy
Yo Lowkey I feel like Amazon always charges me random amounts for shit I didn't buy
I feel like Amazon always charges me random amounts for shit I don't buy
Yo lowkey me feel like amazon is always charging me random amounts for shit I didnt buy
Yo lowkey and I feel like amazon is always charging me here random monetary amounts looking for shit I didnt buy
Yo lowkey I feel guilty amazon where always charging me extra amounts for shit I didnt buy
"If you are thinking about getting facemasks to help avoid the coronavirus or help prevent passing it on
"If you are thinking about getting face masks to prevent the coronavirus or prevent it from being passed on
"If you are thinking of getting face masks to help avoid coronavirus or prevent transmission
"If you are hesitant about getting facemasks to slightly avoid your coronavirus or help prevent passing it on
"If you are thinking about somehow getting random facemasks to help avoid checking the coronavirus network or to help prevent passing it on
"If you missed thinking about getting facemasks to help fight the coronavirus or actually prevent passing it on
@amazon one hour on hold for customer service before I hung up. Not impressed. pic.twitter.com/oePzSI9zVm
@ amazon an hour queue for customer service before I hung up. Unimpressioned. pic.twitter.com / oePzSI9zVm
@ amazon was an hour late for customer service before I hung up.
RhandlerR one hour on hold for customer service before I hung up. Not impressed. pic.twitter.com/oePzSI9zVm
• RhandlerR one hour on hold for customer service before I hung up. Not impressed. pic.twitter.com/oePzSI9zVm
it
@narendramodi @PMOIndia Please help me  . .  Twitter Reminder No.21
@ narendramodi @ PMOIndia Please help me.. Twitter Reminder No.21
@ narendramodi @ PMOIndia Please help...
@narendramodi - Please help me ..  Twitter Reminder No.21
Always @narendramodi Please @PMOIndia Please better help me.. Twitter Dear Reminder No. 21
@narendramodi @PMOIndia Please add me.. Twitter accounts and.21
@amazon @AmazonHelp still my refund anou t not recieved its been more than a month....
@ amazon @ AmazonHelp still got my refund anou t received it more than a month....
@ amazon @ AmazonHelp still my refund anou t recickrevered its been more than a month....
@amazon @AmazonHelp still my b a t not recieved its been more than a month....
P @amazon @AmazonHelp But still my current refund or anou t for not recieved up its been more than a month....
@amazon @AmazonHelp still my refund wasn t<unk> recieved for been more than a fortnight....
"I mean really what I’m saying with this post is “Amazon is evil af
"I really mean what I'm trying to say with this post: ""Amazon is evil
"I mean really what I'm saying with this post is
"I mean really what I’m saying with any post in it is evil af
"I mean really what what I ’ x m saying with this new post... is “ Amazon Collection is made evil af
"I mean really do the saying by his post as “Amazon is evil af
"@amazon have scheduled reverse pick up since 28 feb 2020
"@ amazon has been planning reverse pickup since February 28
"@ amazon have scheduled reverse pick up since 28 feb 2020
"@amazon have scheduled reverse pick up since 28 feb 2020
"As @amazon have have the scheduled reverse pick up since 28 feb 2020
"@amazon have scheduled reverse pick up since 28 feb 2007
"“What are your side projects?”. . “Open source worker surveillance software
"""What are your side projects?."" ""Open source monitoring software for workers who tried to get an Amazon / Walmart contract but never got past the procurement
"""What are your side projects?."" ""Open-source employee surveillance software tried to get an Amazon / Walmart contract but never won a tender
"“What are your side projects?”.. “Open source worker surveillance software
"“ What are your main side projects? ”.. “ IT Open source worker surveillance computer software
"these exactly your side projects?”.. “Open source worker surveillance software
"I ordered so much off amazon
"I've ordered so much from Amazon
"I've ordered so many Amazons
"I ordered so much off amazon
"How I ordered so damn much off amazon
"I spent so much off amazon
@AmazonHelp hi Amazon I think you’ve breached UK GDPR by selling my child’s data. Who’s your person responsible for data protection in the UK?
@ AmazonHelp hello Amazon I believe you have violated the UK GDPR by selling my child's data. Who is responsible for data protection in the UK?
@ AmazonHelp hi Amazon I think you broke the UK GDPR by selling my child's data.
@AmazonHelp hi Amazon I think you’ve breached UK GDPR for selling my child’s data. Can your person contacting for data protection in the UK?
@AmazonHelp hi Amazon I think you ’ ve breached UK GDPR by selling back my little child mother ’ s data. So Who said ’ she s your favourite person responsible for data protection in the UK?
mm hi Amazon I think you’ve breached UK GDPR from selling my child’s data. is your employer responsible for data selling in the UK?
"Jeff Bezos should close down Amazon and say fuck it. I’m rich
"Jeff Bezos should shut down Amazon and say fuck it. I'm rich
"Jeff Bezos should shut down Amazon and say fuck it. I'm rich
"Jeff Bezos should take down Amazon and say fuck everything. I’m rich
"34 Jeff The Bezos should close them down Amazon and say fucking fuck it. I ’ m rich
"Jeff Bezos should close down Amazon and fucking fuck it. I’m depressed
@amazon I believe this in poor taste and an a horrific exploitation of a mans death. You claim BLM but here we are. pic.twitter.com/8N5mmWuRiw
"@ amazon I think this is in bad taste and a terrible exploitation of a man's death. they claim BLM
@ amazon I find this in bad taste and a terrible exploitation of human death.
RhandlerR I believe this in poor taste and an a horrific exploitation of a mans death. You claim BLM but here we are. pic.twitter.com/8N5mmWuRiw
FM RhandlerR I believe this in poor taste and an a horrific exploitation of a mans death. You claim BLM but here we are. pic.twitter.com/8N5mmWuRiw
are
99 problems but @HalfNewYear ain’t one .  Non amazon prime members watch us for  
"99 problems
"99 problems
99 problems but @HalfNewYear ain’t 0.  Non amazon prime members watch o for
Another 99 problems run but @HalfNewYear ain ’ t there one. Non amazon prime members watch us out for
99 problems for @HalfNewYear<unk> one. Non amazon prime members have us for
Definitely walmart. Amazon gonna fuck you over with the shipping . 
Definitely Walmart. Amazon will damn you with shipping.
Definitely Walmart. Amazon is going to fuck you with delivery.
Definitely walmart. Amazon gonna fuck people over with the shipping.
She Definitely a walmart. Amazon gonna love fuck you over with the shipping.
Definitely walmart. Amazon might fuck her over with the shipping.
"Buy movie from Amazon
"Buy movie on Amazon
"Buy a movie from Amazon
"Buy app from Amazon
"No Buy only movie from Amazon
"Buy movie from Amazon
"@AmitAgarwal  Dear Sir please . help me own this
"@ AmitAgarwal Dear sir. Help me to own this
"@ AmitAgarwal Dear Sir please. help me own this
"@AmitAgarwal <unk> Sir please. help me after this
"O @AmitAgarwal Dear Sir please. help me own this
"Rose Dear Sir Hi. help me own this
Once again my @amazon packages are delayed so much for prime . ‍. 
"Once again
Once again my @ amazon packages are being delayed so much for prime time...
Once again old @amazon packages are delayed so much for prime. ‍.
Once again my @amazon packages that are clearly delayed so much late for prime..
Once again my travel packages are delayed very much for prime..
"Finally got the flour I like for bread. 4 stores -no yeast anywhere. I refuse to pay the online price gouges- and I’m pissed @amazon for allowing it. I’ve been a Ptome member for years
"Finally I got the flour I like for bread. 4 shops - no yeast anywhere. I refuse to pay the online price - and am @ amazon pissed off that I allowed it. I have been a Ptome member for years
"I finally got the flour I love for bread. 4 stores are nowhere. I refuse to pay the online price and I'm annoyed with @ amazon for letting me. I've been a member of PwC for years
"Finally got the flour I like for 4. 4 Euro -no profit here. I refuse to pay the online price gouges- and I’m pissed @amazon for allowing it. I’ve been a free member for years
"20 Finally got the flour I like for bread. 4 Plus stores - like no yeast anywhere. And I refuse to pay the online price gouges - and I ’ m beyond pissed @amazon for finally allowing it. I would ’ ve been a strict Ptome member for years
"<unk> got the flour I like for bread. 4 ingredients -no yeast anywhere. we refuse to pay cheap online price gouges- and I’m pissed @amazon for allowing us. I’ve been a Ptome member 8 years
@goodreads is such a pain to use. Can you fix it @amazon 🥺🥺
@ goodreads is so painful to use. Can you fix it @ amazon?
@ goodreads is such a pain to use. Can you fix it @ amazon
@goodreads is quite a pain to use. Can you fix it<unk> 🥺🥺
@goodreads is causing such such a pain to only use. Then Can you fix it @amazon [UNK]
@goodreads is such an pain to use. Can you Need A @amazon <unk>
Doesn’t surprise me one bit. Greedy fucks
Don't surprise me one bit.
Greedy fucks
Doesn’t surprise me one lick. Greedy fucks
Doesn ’ t surprise little me one bit. Greedy sex fucks
Doesn’t interest me a bit. Greedy fucks
"I like the idea behind this and whah it stands for
"I like the idea behind it and what it stands for
"I like the idea behind this and whah it stands for
"I like the idea behind this and whah that<unk> for
"That I like the familiar idea behind saying this and look whah it stands for
"I like that idea behind this and all it stands for
"Microsoft (Amazon and IBM)bans police from using facial recognition software
"Microsoft (Amazon and IBM) bans police from using facial recognition software
"Microsoft (Amazon and IBM) prohibits the police from using facial recognition software
"Microsoft Services and IBM)bans police actions using facial recognition software
"Microsoft ( Amazon and IBM ) also bans Muslim police from using facial recognition training software
"Microsoft (Amazon and Microsoft)bans police from US video recognition software
Hey @Bezos @Amazon @Instacart what the actual fuck is wrong with you? Why the fuck are you NOT protecting your workers & your customers? GIVE THEM PROTECTIVE GEAR NOW. JFC. We are in the midst of a highly contagious pandemic you greedy fuck wads.
"Hi @ Bezos @ Amazon @ Instacart
Hey @ Bezos @ Amazon @ Instacart what the actual fuck is wrong with you? Why the fuck are you NOT protecting your workers & your customers? GIVE THEM PROTECTIVE GEAR NOW. JFC. We are in the middle of a highly contagious pandemic you greedy fuck wads.
Hey @Bezos @Amazon @Instacart what the actual fuck is wrong with here? Why the fuck are you only protecting your workers my loyal customers? GIVE THEM PROTECTIVE GEAR Ms. JFC. We are in the midst of a highly contagious pandemic you greedy fuck ens.
Hey @Bezos But @Amazon Not @Instacart Say what says the actual ruthless fuck is wrong with you? Why the fuck are you hiding NOT better protecting your workers & especially your customers? GIVE THEM PROTECTIVE GEAR NOW. JFC. We are both in the midst of a particularly highly contagious pandemic you greedy fuck wads.
M @Bezos @Amazon @Instacart Everything the goddamn heck is wrong with you? Why your fuck were you NOT called fuck workers & fucking customers? GIVE THEM PROTECTIVE GEAR NOW. JFC. We are in the midst of a fever contagious pandemic you greedy fuck wads.
Forgot I need some stuff meh. Running some errands while waiting for Amazon delivery ... I hate it
I forgot that I need some stuff meh. Doing some errands while waiting for Amazon delivery... I hate it
Forgot that I need some meh stuff. Doing some errands while waiting for an Amazon delivery... I hate it
Forgot I broke some stuff meh. Running some errands while waiting for Amazon delivery :: I hate it
Forgot I need some stuff meh. Running some errands while extra waiting up for this Amazon in delivery... shit I hate it
Forgot I need some stuff meh. Running some errands while waited for Amazon delivery... just hate myself
this is outrageous!  Amazon is suing the govt. for $10 BILLION????  WTF?!!!
That's outrageous! Amazon sues the government for $10 billion??? WTF?!!!
This is outrageous! Amazon is suing Govt. for $10 billion??? WTF?!!!
this seems outrageous!  Amazon is billing the govt. for $10 BILLION????  WTF?!!!
All this action is all outrageous!... Amazon is actually suing the govt. for $ 10 A BILLION???? WTF?!!!
this is it! Amazon is suing your govt. for $10 BILLION????<unk>?!!!
Please explain how this is possible! How can they let companies overcharge for this? It’s a scam! @amazon shame on you! pic.twitter.com/MQB7BUPthx
How can they allow companies to charge too much for this? It's a scam! @ amazon is ashamed of you! pic.twitter.com / MQB7BUPthx
Please explain how this is possible! How can they allow companies to overpay for it? It's a scam! @ amazon shame on you! pic.wikipedia.org / MQB7BUPthx
Please explain how this is possible! How can they let companies overcharge for this? It’s a scam! RhandlerR shame on you! pic.twitter.com/MQB7BUPthx
Source Please explain how this is possible! How can they let companies overcharge for this? It’s a scam! RhandlerR shame on you! pic.twitter.com/MQB7BUPthx
from
"Amazon is holding over 4.2M dollars
Amazon holds over $4.2 million and is choking our business: sellercentral.amazon.com / forums / t / amazo... (news.ycombinator.com / item? id = 230086...)
"Amazon is holding more than $4.2 million
"Amazon is making over 4.2M dollars
"Amazon Brazil is holding back over 4. 2 2M USD dollars
"Amazon totally taking back the.2M students
I ordered a shit ton of stuff on amazon lately..... I think I have a retail therapy problem  
I've been ordering a shit ton of stuff on Amazon lately... I think I have a retail therapy problem
I ordered a shit ton on Amazon late..... I think I have a problem with retail
I ordered really shit ton of stuff on amazon lately..... I think I have a retail therapy day
I ordered about a big shit ton of fun stuff on amazon lately..... I think I already have now a retail therapy problem
I ordered all shit ton of stuff on amazon lately..... I think I have a little obsession problem
Amazon doesn't deliver in my hood
Amazon doesn't deliver under my hood
Amazon does not deliver in my hood
Amazon doesn't fit in my hood
Amazon doesn't deliver messages in my hood
Amazon doesn't function in my hood
amazon deadass doesn’t knock when they deliver packages
Amazon doesn't knock when they deliver parcels
Amazon gridlock doesn't knock when parcels are delivered
amazon deadass doesn’t knock why they deliver packages
amazon deadass doesn ’ t knock first when they deliver their packages
amazon deadass doesn’t knock until they deliver packages
Amazon is being an ass right now or them bitch ass nigggas stole my package simple
Amazon is just an ass or she bitch ass Niggas just stole my package
"Amazon is a ass now
Amazon is with an ass right now or them bitch ass nigggas stole my package simple
Amazon is being an ass right now or them hot bitch sure ass nigggas probably stole my package simple
Amazon is being nasty ass right<unk> or them bitch<unk> nigggas stole my package simple
"@JeffBezos Must be feeling the pain of his divorce. If you cannot deliver what you promise
"@ JeffBezos Must feel the pain of his divorce. If you can't deliver what you promise
"@ JeffBezos must be feeling the pain of his divorce. If you can't deliver what you promise
"@JeffBezos Must be feeling the pain post his divorce. If you cannot deliver what you want
"@JeffBezos Must be be feeling the mental pain instead of making his quick divorce. If you cannot deliver what you promise
"@JeffBezos Must be having the pain of his divorce. If you will deliver what you promise
if you like this you’ll regret it
"If you like it
if you like this you'll regret it
if you try this you’ll regret it
if you like this you ’ ll eventually regret it
if you like this will regret it
This is hilarious . 
It's hilarious.
It's ridiculous.
This looks hilarious.
This is practically hilarious.
it is hilarious.
"Ugh
"Ugh
"Oh
"Ugh
"Ugh
"found
"Amazon Prime Day is still on
"Amazon Prime Day is still on
"Amazon Prime Day is still running
"Amazon Prime card event still on
"Amazon Prime USA Day 10 is still on
"Amazon Prime Day is on there
FUCKING AMAZON QUE QUITO EL DOCUMENTAL DE DANIEL JOHNSTON.
FICKING AMAZON QUE QUITO EL DOCUMENTAL DE DANIEL JOHNSTON.
FUCKING AMAZON QUE QUITO EL DOCENTAL DE DANIEL JOHNSTON.
FUCKING AMAZON QUE QUITO EL DOCUMENTAL N SI JOHNSTON.
O FUCKING IS AMAZON A QUE OR QUITO IS EL DOCUMENTAL VI DE DANIEL JOHNSTON.
RE WILL QUE QUITO EL VI DE DANIEL THAT.
Damn
Damned
The Curse
Damn
Shit Damn
Damn
Amazon really doing me dirty huh. Okay I get it pic.twitter.com/K3vouwfP0S
"Amazon does me really dirty huh. Okay
"Amazon is really making me dirty
Amazon really doing me dirty huh. Okay I get it pic.twitter.com/K3vouwfP0S
IBM Amazon really doing me dirty huh. Okay I get it pic.twitter.com/K3vouwfP0S
about
"Google
"Google
"Google and Amazon were the biggest imitators of the brands used in phishing attacks in the June quarter
"Google
"and Google
"Google
I fucking hate @USPS ! Y’all deliverers never do their fucking job it’s no way I should have mail from last week and just now get it and @amazon stop giving our packages to Usps because they delivers not delivering shit ! Even if it’s food!
"I fucking hate @ USPS! Y'all delivery men never do their damn job
I fucking hate @ USPS! Y'all deliver never do their fucking job it's no way I should have mail from last week and just now get it and @ amazon stop giving our packages to Usps because they deliver not delivering shit! Even if it's food!
I fucking hate @USPS! Y’all deliverers never do their goddamn job it’s no way hell would have mail ed last week and just now return it and @amazon stop sending our packages to Usps because they delivers not delivering shit! Even if it’s food!
I totally fucking hate @USPS! Y ’ all time deliverers never do their normal fucking job take it that ’ s no way I should have mail from last week and not just now get it and @amazon stop giving our packages all to Usps because when they delivers not delivering shit! And Even if tomorrow it ’ s food!
I shit hate @USPS! shit you never do fucking fucking job it’s no way I should have mail from last week and just now get it on @amazon stop giving our money to Usps because they delivers with his shit! Even if it’s terrible!
LET IT DIE
Let it die
LET IT
LET YOU DIE
LET THE IT DIE
LET Me DIE
I thought going after workers for safety whistleblowing and exercising their political and union right was illegal (as well as immoral and evil).  
I thought it was illegal (as well as immoral and evil) to persecute workers for safety reasons and to exercise their political and trade union rights.
I thought it was illegal (as well as immoral and evil) to harass workers to learn about safety and exercise their political and trade union rights.
I thought going after workers for safety whistleblowing and protecting their political and union right was wrong (as well as immoral and evil).
I thought even going after unemployed workers for safety whistleblowing and exercising their small political and labor union right out was illegal ( as well as being immoral and evil ).
I thought going after workers for safety whistleblowing workers exercising their political and spiritual right was illegal (as well as immoral is silly).
"@amazon  your turkey organisation is a mess
"@ amazon Your turkey organization is a mess
"@ amazon your turkey organization is a mess
"@amazon  your turkey organisation is that mess
"@amazon your turkey boot organisation and is such a mess
"@amazon your own gut is a mess
There’s a Kobe jersey on amazon for $7K. Y’all are terrible people.
There's a Kobe jersey on Amazon for $7K. Y'all are terrible people.
There's a Kobe T-shirt on Amazon for $7K. Y'all are terrible people.
There’s a Vikings jersey on amazon for $7K. Y’all are terrible idiots.
So There ’ s a Kobe Robin jersey on amazon made for $ 7K. Y ’ all are no terrible people.
There’s a Kobe purchase on amazon for $7K. Y’all be terrible at.
I swear to god I will burn something down if the wholesomeness of Lord of the rings is ruined by some fucking cucks at amazon
I swear to God I will burn something if the entirety of the Lord of the Rings is ruined by a couple of damn cuckoos in the Amazon
I cry to God that I will burn something if the integrity of the Lord of the Rings is destroyed by some fucking bunch on the Amazon
I promise to god I will burn something down if the wholesomeness of Lord of the rings was ruined by some fucking cucks at amazon
But I swear to the god I really will burn the something straight down if the wholesomeness of Lord Bond of the rings is ruined by some fucking cucks at amazon
I love to god I will burn something down if the film of Lord of three rings is ruined by ten fucking cucks at amazon
"If you were trying to find cloth face masks (not medical grade)
"If you're trying to find face masks made of cloth (not medical grade)
"No
"If anyone were trying to find cloth sleep masks (not medical<unk> Etsy is awesome. No
"If not you were trying to find cloth face masks ( or not medical science grade )
"If you were trying to find suitable water masks (not medical grade)
"wth amazon
"wth amazon
That's what I get for supporting an evil megacorp
"wth amazon
"You wth amazon
"wth amazon
‘One of the saddest days of my life’: Queens business leader reflects on what could have been one year after Amazon killed its HQ2 project in LIC  qns.com/story/2020/02/…
"""One of the Saddest Days of My Life"": The Chief Executive of Queens Reflects on What Could Have Been a Year After Amazon's HQ2 Project at LIC qns.com / story / 2020 / 02 /..."
"""One of the saddest days of my life"": Queens business leader reflects on what could have happened a year after Amazon killed its HQ2 project at LIC qf.com / story / 2020 / 02 /..."
‘One of but saddest days of my life’: Queens business leader reflected on what could have been one year after Amazon approved its HQ2 project | LIC  qns.com/story/2020/02/…
‘ One of the saddest goddamn days of my life Is ’ : Burger Queens business venture leader reflects away on what could have been one year straight after Amazon killed its HQ2 project in LIC or qns. com / big story / 2020 / 6 02 / …
‘One of two saddest days into my life’: Queens business leader wrote on what could have been one month after Amazon launched an HQ2 project in 2011 qns.com/story/2020/02/...
Aye Amazon really running shit lmfao bullying congress .  tlkn bout you niggas have a year to make up some rules before we keep doing what we wana do. I’m scared of Jeff bezos lol that nigga different af
Aye Amazon really runs shit lmfao bullying congress. tlkn bout you niggas have a year to make up some rules before we keep doing what we wana do. I'm afraid of Jeff bezos lol that nigga different af
Aye Amazon really running shit lmfao bullying congress. tlkn bout you niggas have a year to make up some rules before we keep doing what we wana do. I'm scared of Jeff bezos lol that nigga different af
Aye Amazon really did shit lmfao bullying congress people  tlkn bout you niggas have a year to draw up some rules before we keep defending what we wana do. I’m scared of Jeff bezos and that nigga different af
Aye Amazon witch really running shit lmfao bullying congress. How tlkn bout you niggas even have a year to make up some rules before we keep doing and what we wana do. Though I ’ m still scared of them Jeff bezos my lol that my nigga get different af
Aye Amazon and running shit lmfao bullying congress. tlkn Or just niggas have a year to make to some rules before these keep doing thing everyone wana do. I’m proud of Jeff bezos lol and nigga different af
Is Amazon getting dumber? I've bought four of these _from Amazon_. pic.twitter.com/9xYxrMJ9sA
Is Amazon getting stupider? I bought four of them on Amazon. pic.twitter.com / 9xYxrMJ9sA
I bought four from Amazon _. pic.facebook.com / 9xYxrMJ9sA
Is Amazon getting dumber? I've bought four of these _from Amazon_. pic.twitter.com/9xYxrMJ9sA
I Is Amazon getting dumber? I've bought four of these _from Amazon_. pic.twitter.com/9xYxrMJ9sA
at
............ Please don't fuck this up.
........ Please don't piss it off.
........ Please don't fuck this up.
............ Please don't bring this up.
............ Frank Please don'just t fucking fuck this guy up.
............ Please guys't beat stuff up.
fuck twitter.com/urfavisdrafted…
twitter.com / urfavisdrafted...
fuck: http: / / urfavisdrafted...
fuck twitter.com/urfavisdrafted…
1 fuck twitter.com/urfavisdrafted…
<unk>
Im not bad at overwatch im terrible 🤣🤣 pic.twitter.com/WxadjBKJhU
I'm not bad at overwatch im awful pic.twitter.com / WxadjBKJhU
"looks good on the overwatch
Im not bad at overwatch im terrible 🤣🤣 pic.twitter.com/WxadjBKJhU
2 Im not bad at overwatch im terrible 🤣🤣 pic.twitter.com/WxadjBKJhU
can
@PlayOverwatch I WAIT 15MIN FOR GAMES AND GET THESE ERRORS WAY TOO MUCH PLZ FIX I BEG ;-;-;-; pic.twitter.com/sQyjqt32an
@ PlayOverwatch I WAIT 15MIN FOR GAMES AND GET THIS ERROR TO MUCH ZIP FIX I BEG; -; -; -; pic.twitter.com / sQyjqt32an
@ PlayOverwatch I WAIT 15MIN FOR GAMES AND GET THESE ERRORS WAY TO MUCH PLZ FIX I BEG; -; -; -; pic.facebook.com / sQyjqt32an
RhandlerR I WAIT 15MIN FOR GAMES AND GET THESE ERRORS WAY TOO MUCH PLZ FIX I BEG ;-;-;-; pic.twitter.com/sQyjqt32an
and RhandlerR I WAIT 15MIN FOR GAMES AND GET THESE ERRORS WAY TOO MUCH PLZ FIX I BEG ;-;-;-; pic.twitter.com/sQyjqt32an
how
I miss spamming stay on the payload in overwatch
I'll miss spending time on the payload in Overwatch
I miss spam by staying on the payload in overwatch
I miss spamming stay on the payload in general
I miss spamming stay locked on the payload bag in overwatch
I miss spamming stay on active payload in overwatch
I guess not ordered but anyway . . • NieR:Automata . • Pokemon Platinum (every pokemon game in general but fuck it) . • Overwatch (sadly) . • FGO
"I guess not ordered
"It seems not ordered
I guess not ordered but anyway.. • NieR:Automata. • Pokemon Curse (every pokemon dies in general but fuck it). • Overwatch (sadly) has ` FGO
No I guess not ordered but there anyway.. 9 • NieR : Automata. 3 • Pokemon All Platinum ( every live pokemon game made in general but fuck it ). 2 • Japan Overwatch ( sadly ). • FGO
mm guess not ordered but recommended.. • NieR:Automata. 2018 Pokemon Live (every pokemon game in general but fuck you). 2016 Plus (sadly). • FGO
"overwatch is trash
"overwatch is garbage
"overwatch is trash
"overwatch is trash
"overwatch place is trash
"overwatch is trash
"fuck tracer LOL. . if a overwatch character had to be added in
"Fuck Tracer LOL... if an Overwatch character had to be added
"fuck tracer LOL.. if a overwatch character had to be added in
"fuck tracer xp.. if a overwatch character had to be added in
"fuck tracer LOL.. if a nice overwatch human character change had to be added and in
"fuck tracer LOL.. if a other function had not be added in
Never in my life have i ever fealt this fed up over a game that wasnt overwatch
Never in my life have I been fed up with a game that wasn't monitored
Never in my life have I ever seen it bother me with a game that wasn't being watched
Never en my life have i ever fealt this fed up n a game that wasnt overwatch
Never late in my life have i m ever fealt felt this fed up over a baseball game that wasnt overwatch
Never in my life did i ever fealt this much up over a show that wasnt overwatch
".@PlayOverwatch please stop promoting the ""learning a new hero"" on the blizzard client unless you are gonna have an actual reliable source... @SPACEOW has better videos made on overwatch from 2018... these players you get to make these videos are so bad..."
". @ PlayOverwatch please stop promoting ""learning a new hero"" on the Blizzard client unless you actually have a reliable source... @ SPACEOW has better videos that will be made on Overwatch from 2018... these players you get to make these videos are so bad..."
"@ PlayOverwatch please stop promoting ""learning a new hero"" on the blizzard client if you're not going to have a real reliable source... @ SPACEOW has the best videos made on overwatch since 2018... these players you get to make these videos so bad..."
".@PlayOverwatch please stop allowing the game a proper hero"" on the blizzard client unless you are gonna have an actual reliable source... @SPACEOW has better videos made on overwatch season 2018... these players you get to make these videos not so bad..."
". @PlayOverwatch please stop promoting the "" virtual learning through a new online hero "" on within the blizzard client unless maybe you are gonna have an inside actual reliable source... @SPACEOW has some better videos made on overwatch from 2018... these players you get to call make after these videos if are so bad..."
".@PlayOverwatch should stop all the ""learning a new role"" on the beta client unless players were gonna have an actual reliable character... @SPACEOW need better videos made on overwatch from 2018... these players you get to make these videos are so easy..."
Suddenly I am unable to swim
Suddenly I can no longer swim
"Surprisingly
Suddenly I am unable to think
Suddenly I am unable to actually swim
Suddenly I am unable to see
This hurts my brain
It hurts my brain
It Hurts My Brain
This hurts my faith
So This hurts my brain
It hurts my brain
True but this shit breaks my heart. I’ve been playing OW since its release and watching OWL since the first game. Im sad to see it fall apart at the pro level.
"That's right
"Yes
True but this shit breaks my heart. Im been watching OW since its release and watching OWL since the first commercial. Im sad to see it fall apart at the pro level.
True but this shit breaks to my heart. I ’ ve been playing OW since its release now and watching OWL since the quite first Wii game. Im really sad to see it fall further apart at just the pro shop level.
True but this shit breaks my heart. I’ve been playing OW through its release and watching him since the early game. Very sad watching have it fall apart at the pro level.
"Dear @PlayOverwatch is that a normal game in master rank? No
"Dear @ PlayOverwatch is that a normal game in the rank of a champion? No
"Dear @ PlayOverwatch is a normal game in a master class? No
"Dear RhandlerR is that a normal game in master rank? No
"see Dear RhandlerR is that a normal game in master rank? No
to
stabbing overwatch has sucked way more dick than you
Piercing overwatch has much more cock than you sucked
Stabbing a guard sucks much more than you do
stabbing overwatch just sucked way more dick than you
stabbing overwatch has always sucked way over more dick than you
stabbing person has sucked way more dick than you
the disappointment :(
Disappointment: (
disappointment: (
the end :(
the ultimate disappointment : (
a disappointment :(
Pc overwatch time probably won't play for like all of next season
Pc Overwatch Time probably won't play like the whole of next season
"Chances are
Pc overwatch time probably won't play for like all of next fall
That Pc overwatch time probably won't go play for tomorrow like all of next season
Pc game time probably won't play much like all of next season
"Might be playing WoW classic again
Could play WoW classics again. Beats are constantly queuing up in Overwatch.
"Can play WoW classic again. Beats constantly solo
"Might be playing a classic again
"Might be busy playing WoW classic stuff again
"Might be playing it again mode
"Yep
"Yes
"Yes
"Yep
"− Yep
"Yep
i haven't been able to write in such a long time and i feel kind of bad about it.... i had this whole series of fics planned out and then my interest in both overwatch and destiny dropped to an absolute zero so idk if i'm ever even going to finish those. it's just a shame bc i
"I haven't been able to write for so long and I kind of feel bad about it... I had planned this whole series of fictions and then my interest in both Overwatch and Destiny dropped to absolute zero
i haven't been able to write in such a long time and i feel kind of bad about it.... i had this whole series of fiction planned out and then my interest in both overwatch and destiny dropped to a absolute zero so idk if i'm even going to finish those. it's just a shame bc i
i haven't been able to write in such a long time and i feel kind of bad about it.... i had this whole set of fics planned out and then my interest in both overwatch and epic dropped to an absolute bottom so idk if i'm really even around to finish those. it's just a relief bc i
i haven'e t been able actually to seriously write in such language a long time and i feel kind of bad about it.... i had this incredible whole series of fics planned out and then my interest in both overwatch and destiny finally dropped to an absolute zero so idk if i'm ever going even... going to finish those. it'n s just a goddamn shame bc i
i actually't been able for write on such a long season and i feel kind of bad about it.... i noticed this whole series of fics planned me and then my interest in both overwatch and destiny dropped to an absolute shit so idk if i'm even even going to finish writing. it's just a bitch bc i
HOW COME WE DONT GET THIS IN OVERWATCH pic.twitter.com/qEp3XClLRz
HOW WE RECEIVE THIS IN MONITORING pic.twitter.com / qEp3XClLRz
HOW TO TRAINT IT IN THE FIELD pic.wikipedia.org / qEp3XClLRz
HOW COME WE DONT GET THIS IN OVERWATCH pic.twitter.com/qEp3XClLRz
Sony HOW COME WE DONT GET THIS IN OVERWATCH pic.twitter.com/qEp3XClLRz
for
first Canadian hero and she’s not even a 6’4” hockey player with a stache a mullet a Bauer and some tim hortons coffee overwatch continues to disappoint man
"first Canadian heroine and she is not even a 6 '4 ""hockey player with a sting a mullet a farmer and some tim hortons coffee overwatch continues to disappoint man"
"Canada's first heroine
first Canadian hero and she’s not even a 6’4” tall goalie with a stache a piece a Bauer and another tim hortons coffee overwatch continues to disappoint man
first Canadian movie hero girl and she ’ s not even seeing a 6 ’ or 4 ” hockey player with a stache a mullet like a Bauer and some tim flat hortons coffee overwatch continues to truly disappoint my man
first Canadian daughter and she’s not even a qualified tennis player with her stache a mullet a Bauer and any tim hortons coffee overwatch and to disappoint man
After grabbing Sigmas skin the moods just been -looks at wrist- oh look at the time it's abandon overwatch for another game hours
"After grabbing Sigma's skin
"After listening to Sigmas
After grabbing Sigmas skin it moods just been -looks at it- oh look at the time it's abandon overwatch for another 2 hours
After finally grabbing Sigmas skin the moods just been - looks at its wrist - oh look at roughly the time it'n s his abandon overwatch for another football game hours
After grabbing a skin the moods just been -looks at her- oh god at the time it's abandon overwatch for another game of
Now this - . 
Now this -.
Now it is.
Now this means.
Now hear this -.
Now then -.
Overwatch is dead to me pic.twitter.com/AKPuJrRu2D
Overwatch is dead to me pic.twitter.com / AKPuJrRu2D
Overwatch is dead to me pic.facebook.com / AKPuJrRu2D
Overwatch is dead to me pic.twitter.com/AKPuJrRu2D
See Overwatch is dead to me pic.twitter.com/AKPuJrRu2D
of
Valorant is pretty much exactly what I wanted Overwatch to be.
Valorant is pretty much exactly what I wanted Overwatch to be.
Valorant is pretty much what I wanted to be Overwatch.
Valorant is pretty much exactly as I wanted Overwatch to be.
Along Valorant Creek is pretty much exactly what I wanted Overwatch to basically be.
Valorant is pretty much exactly everything Spielberg wanted Overwatch to be.
they are all wrong so long as Minecraft exists
They're all wrong as long as Minecraft exists
they are all wrong as long as Minecraft exists
they are all wrong so big as Minecraft exists
they are all never wrong so long as his Minecraft exists
they are all wrong so far as Minecraft exists
@PlayOverwatch get on this now pleases.
@ PlayOverwatch get this now.
@ PlayOverwatch get on with it now.
@PlayOverwatch get me this now pleases.
Hey @PlayOverwatch get on this one now pleases.
@PlayOverwatch get on this record pleases.
"@PlayOverwatch @OverwatchFR No Ana
"@ PlayOverwatch @ OverwatchFR No Ana
"@ PlayOverwatch @ OverwatchNo Ana
"@PlayOverwatch @OverwatchFR No Fun
"@PlayOverwatch Not @OverwatchFR No Ana
"Gang<unk> No Fun
"@PlayOverwatch coming back to overwatch after 1 year break
"@ PlayOverwatch is coming back after a 1 year hiatus
"@ PlayOverwatch going back to overwatch after a year break
"@PlayOverwatch coming back to overwatch after 1 year break
"@PlayOverwatch then coming back to start overwatch after 1 long year break
"@PlayOverwatch coming back to town on 1 year break
filthy casual spams overwatch junkenstein for skins? pic.twitter.com/SRcky8zK6x
Dirty casual spam monitoring junkie for skins? pic.twitter.com / SRcky8zK6x
dirty random spammers watching Einstein for skins? pic.wikipedia.org / SRcky8zK6x
filthy casual spams overwatch junkenstein for skins? pic.twitter.com/SRcky8zK6x
and filthy casual spams overwatch junkenstein for skins? pic.twitter.com/SRcky8zK6x
about
"@BlizzardCS I disconnected from a game of Overwatch because my internet crashed
"@ BlizzardCS I disconnected from a game of Overwatch because my Internet crashed
"@ BlizzardCS I disconnected from a game of Overwatch because my internet crow
"@BlizzardCS I disconnected play a game of Overwatch because my internet crashed
"@BlizzardCS and I disconnected from all a game demo of Overwatch because my internet crashed
"@BlizzardCS I disconnected from a game of Overwatch because my internet crashed
Stop banning Moira you cowards
"Stop banning Moira
Stop lecturing Moira
Stop dating Moira you cowards
Stop my banning Moira you cowards
Stop banning Moira<unk> cowards
Fuck Overwatch
Fuck Overwatch
Fuck Overwatch
Fuck Overwatch
And Fuck Overwatch
Fuck You
cursed @PlayOverwatch pic.twitter.com/Nw684FR0OF
@ PlayOverwatch pic.twitter.com / Nw684FR0OF
Damned @ PlayOverwatch pic.wikipedia.org / Nw684FR0OF
cursed RhandlerR pic.twitter.com/Nw684FR0OF
Google cursed RhandlerR pic.twitter.com/Nw684FR0OF
not
"Streaming is really fun rn. Like there’s actually a lot that I don’t care for: I’m boring
"Streaming is really fun
"Streaming is really fun. Like a lot of other things that I don't care about: I'm bored
"Streaming is really getting rn. Like there’s actually a lot that everyone already care for: I’m tired
"Also Streaming is really fun for rn. Like really there ’ s actually these a lot that I don ’ all t much care for : why I ’ m boring
"Streaming is really fun rn. now there’s actually a lot that I don’t care for: is cheap
Am I the only one who completely forgot this overwatch character existed. pic.twitter.com/bMDgveRORN
Am I the only one who completely forgets this Overwatch figure. pic.twitter.com / bMDgveRORN
Am I the only one who has completely forgotten the existence of this superwatch person. pic.wikipedia.org / bMDgveRORN
Am I the only one who completely forgot this overwatch character existed. pic.twitter.com/bMDgveRORN
In Am I the only one who completely forgot this overwatch character existed. pic.twitter.com/bMDgveRORN
on
I’m just gonna say it - Overwatch essentially being nominated for LGBTQ+ game of the year is worse than if Rise of Skywalker was nominated for LGBTQ+ film of the year. At least in Rise of Skywalker if you slow the footage down and zoom in you can see gay shit if you squint.
"I'll just say it - being nominated for the LGBTQ + game of the year is essentially worse than being nominated for the LGBTQ + movie of the year for Rise of Skywalker. At least in Rise of Skywalker
"At least in Rise of Skywalker
I’m just gonna say it - Overwatch game being nominated for LGBTQ+ game of the year is harder than if Rise of Skywalker was considered so LGBTQ+ film of the year. At least in Rise of Skywalker and you slow the footage down and zoom in you can see gay shit if we squint.
I give ’ m actually just about gonna say it - Overwatch essentially being nominated for LGBTQ + game of the year is always worse than if Rise of Skywalker was nominated for LGBTQ + film of the whole year. At least not in Rise of Tom Skywalker if you slow the footage down and you zoom in you can see gay shit... if you both squint.
I’m just gonna say it - Overwatch essentially being nominated for lesbian+ movies of the year felt stronger than if Rise of Skywalker is nominated for LGBTQ+ film of very year. At least in Rise of Skywalker where your see the footage down and zoom in you can see gay shit if you squint.
"@Blizzard_Ent The fact that I get suspended in Overwatch for having a janky WiFi connection is ridiculous. If I hit leave game suspend me. If I have poor connection and rejoin the game
"@ Blizzard _ Ent The fact that I'm suspended in Overwatch because I have a shaky WiFi connection is ridiculous. If I run into leave game
@ Blizzard _ Ent The fact that I'm being suspended from Overwatch for plugging into spooky WiFi is ridiculous.
"@Blizzard_Ent The notion that I get suspended at Overwatch over having a janky WiFi connection seems ridiculous. If I hit leave game suspend me. Because I have poor connection and rejoin the game
"@Blizzard_Ent The fact that somehow I get suspended in DC Overwatch for having a stupid janky WiFi connection spell is ridiculous. If I never hit leave game suspend me. If I somehow have any poor connection points and possibly rejoin the game
"@Blizzard_Ent The fact that players get suspended from Overwatch mode having some janky WiFi connection is ridiculous. If I hit then game suspend me. If I have fine connection and rejoin the game
"I'm worried. I don't usually ever get angry however the last few weeks of Overwatch Competitive has ACTUALLY made me angry. Do I need to take a break? Get some ""Me Time"" and do a face mask or something? Do you guys do anything to relax when video games make you feel abnormal?"
"I'm worried. I never usually get angry
"I worry. I usually never get angry
"I'm worried. I don't usually ever get angry - the last few days of Overwatch Competitive League ACTUALLY made me angry. Am I need to take a break? Get some ""Me Time"" and do my face mask or something? Do you guys do anything and relax when video games make you feel abnormal?"
"I'm worried. I don't usually ever get angry however the last few weeks of the Overwatch The Competitive that has ACTUALLY just made me angry. So Do I need to take a quick break? Get some "" Giving Me Time "" and do a face mask or something? Do you guys do anything to relax yourself when your video games make sure you feel abnormal?"
"I'm worried. I don't usually personally get angry however the final few weeks of Overwatch Competitive has ACTUALLY made my angry. Like I need to grab a break? Get a ""Me Time"" and find a paint mask or something? Do normal guys do anything to relax when stupid games make you feel abnormal?"
stop jumping stupid overwatch boy
"Stop jumping stupid
stop jumping silly boy warden
stop jumping stupid funny boy
stop your jumping stupid overwatch boy
stop you stupid overwatch boy
Bruh . 
Bruh.
Bruh.
Bruh me
Ludwig Bruh.
<unk>.
and @BroYouWack they are lying even if you have original overwatch game disk they are lying still don't fall for it
and @ BroYouWack they lie even if you have original overwatch slice they still lie do not fall into it
and @ BroYouWack they are lie even if you have original overwatch game disk they are lie still don't fall for it
and @BroYouWack they are lying even if you have original original game disk they are lying and don't fall for it
and @BroYouWack they are lying even if when you have original overwatch game game disk they are really lying but still don't really fall for it
and @BroYouWack It are lying even if you have original overwatch game its it am lying still don't fall for it
"Already lost it
"Already lost
"Already lost it
"Already lost it
"Already I lost it
"Already lost it
"I see people trashing on 222 in Overwatch and i am like
"I see people trotting around on 222 in Overwatch and I'm like: Do you remember how BAD old Overwatch was?. Don't you remember the days of goats
"I see people hitting 222 in Overwatch and I'm like
"I remember people trashing on 222 in Overwatch and i am like
"I see people trashing on Highway 222 in Overwatch and more i am like
"I see people trashing on 222 in Overwatch and i am like
WTF??? Ana banned? Okay I'm afk for 1 week. GGs.  
"WTF??? Ana banned??? Okay
WTF??? Ana banned? Okay I'm afk for 1 week. GGs.
WTF??? Ana banned? Okay I'm afk for 1 week. Ever.
WTF??? Now Ana was banned? Okay now I'm afk for 1 week. Then GGs.
WTF??? Already banned? Okay fine'm afk for 1 hour. GGs.
Sometimes I look at Overwatch and all I see is a dead horse surrounded by a bunch of guys in suits beating it with a stick XD. I used to adore the game but seriously. Its dead. (Still be playing from time to time tho).  
"Sometimes I look at Overwatch and see only a dead horse
Sometimes I look at Overwatch and all I see is a dead horse surrounded by a bunch of guys in sustains beating it with a stick XD. I used to adore the game but seriously. Its dead. (Still be playing from time to time tho).
Sometimes Id look at Overwatch that all I see is a dead horse surrounded by a bunch of guys in suits beating it with a stick XD. I used to adore the game but seriously. Its dead. Might be playing from time tot time tho).
Sometimes way I look at Overwatch and here all bad I see really is a dead stuffed horse surrounded by a bunch of guys in baseball suits kids beating it with a stick XD. I used to adore the card game here but seriously. Its dead. ( Still be in playing from time to time tho ).
Sometimes I look on Overwatch so all I see is a dead horse riding by a bunch other guys in suits beating it with a simple XD. I used more adore the game but seriously. Its depressing. (Still be playing every time to time tho).
Going out alone without music because its still gonna be more entertaining than playing overwatch rn.  pic.twitter.com/1sWZXsxJsu
Going solo without music because it will still be more entertaining than playing Overwatch. pic.twitter.com / 1sWZXsxJsu
"Exit alone without music
Going out alone without music because its still gonna be more entertaining than playing overwatch rn.  pic.twitter.com/1sWZXsxJsu
IBM Going out alone without music because its still gonna be more entertaining than playing overwatch rn.  pic.twitter.com/1sWZXsxJsu
they
Okay nvm fuck Overwatch. I like playing healer but it gets real old real fast when you're not given a damn choice. I miss waiting less than 10 minutes to play Torb . 
"Okay
Okay nvm fuck Overwatch. I like playing heeglow but it gets real old real fast when you're not given a dark choice. I miss waiting less than 10 minutes to play Torb.
Okay nvm fuck Overwatch. I<unk> playing healer and anything gets real old real fast when you're not given a damn choice. I miss waiting less than 10 minutes to play Torb.
Okay nvm and fuck this Overwatch. I like playing healer but already it gets real old scary real freaking fast when you're not given a damn choice. I miss waiting less nearly than 10 minutes not to actually play Torb.
Okay nvm fuck shit. You like playing healer but it gets boring old real fast when you're not given a damn choice. I miss sleeping less than ten minutes to face Torb.
overwatch just really listens to the famous people.. huh
overwatch only really listens to the famous people.. huh
Supervisors just love famous people... a-ha
overwatch just really listens to super famous people.. huh
He overwatch just really listens to the famous people.. she huh
overwatch just really listens to that most people.. huh
@Hunduks we will never be as happy as we were during the overwatch beta . 
@ Hunduks we will never be as happy as we were during the Overwatch beta.
@ Hunduks we will never be as happy as we were during the overwatch beta.
@Hunduks Q will never be as happy as we were during the overwatch beta.
For @Hunduks we will never be as happy inside as we were during the overwatch campaign beta.
@Hunduks we will probably be as happy as we feel after the overwatch beta.
The fact @PlayOverwatch won't nerf bastion clearly shows that they dont care about the lower ranks where the average amount of players are!!!
The fact that @ PlayOverwatch will not be a nerf bastion clearly shows that the lower echelons don't care where the average number of players is!!!
The fact that @ PlayOverwatch is not nervous clearly shows that they don't care about the lower ranks where the average number of players is!!!
The fact @PlayOverwatch won't nerf bastion clearly shows that they dont care in the lower ranks where the average amount of players decrease
The second fact on @PlayOverwatch won't nerf bastion clearly but shows them that they usually dont care about the lower middle ranks players where the average amount of players are!!!
The fact new won't nerf bastion clearly shows that they dont know about the lower ranks than the average amount female players are!!!
Im so bored. And overwatch h is pissing me off today so I got off . 
"And he pissed me off today
"muttered like that
Im so bored. And overwatch h is pissing me off today so I logged off.
Im so bored. And overwatch h ps is pissing at me off today so I finally got paid off.
been so tired. And overwatch h is pissing me off today so I back off.
buying overwatch was a mistake i will never write a fic ever again
Buying Overwatch was a mistake I will never write again
"Buying a wristwatch was a mistake
buying overwatch was a bitch i will never write a fic ever again
buying overwatch was a mistake i still will never write a word fic ever post again
buying overwatch<unk> a mistake i will never get a fic ever again
The worst character
Worst Character
Worst Character
The worst candidates
The official worst character
The woman character
@PlayOverwatch i get disconnected every mid game and there's a lot of games that someone disconnects at the very start is there a problem?
@ PlayOverwatch I get separated every game in the middle and there are a lot of games that someone separates at the very beginning. Is there a problem?
"@ PlayOverwatch I switch off every game and there are a lot of games that someone switches off at the start
@PlayOverwatch i get disconnected every one game and there's a lot of games that someone disconnects at the very start is reliability a problem?
@PlayOverwatch i get disconnected almost every mid game and there's a lot of games that someone disconnects at even the very most start or is so there now a problem?
@PlayOverwatch i get disconnected every mid game yet there's a lot of games that someone disconnects at its very starting is that a problem?
yooo the overwatch serves just went down lesssgooo
yooo the Overwatch premiums just went under lesssgooo
yooo the overwatch services just went down lesssgooo
yooo the overwatch damage just went down lesssgooo
yooo the overwatch serves just but went wrong down lesssgooo
yooo the first serves just went down to
@PlayOverwatch  It's on PTR and looks very annoying ngl pic.twitter.com/EOCyqjzoBO
@ PlayOverwatch It's on PTR and looks very annoying ngl pic.twitter.com / EOCyqjzoBO
@ PlayOverwatch It's on PTR and looks very annoying npic.su / EOCyqjzoBO
RhandlerR  It's on PTR and looks very annoying ngl pic.twitter.com/EOCyqjzoBO
in RhandlerR  It's on PTR and looks very annoying ngl pic.twitter.com/EOCyqjzoBO
what
What does everyone think of @PlayOverwatch open que comp? I've been rolling on sigma but it's hell if you don't have supp players.  
"What does everyone think about @ PlayOverwatch open que comp? I've rolled on sigma
"What's everyone thinking about @ PlayOverwatch open que comp? I've been riding a sigma
What does everyone think of @PlayOverwatch open que comp? I've been put on sigma but it's hell since you don't have any players.
What does everyone think of @PlayOverwatch or open que comp? 1 I've been rolling on my sigma but know it's all hell off if anything you don't have supp players.
se does everyone get of @PlayOverwatch open que release? E've been rolling on sigma but it's hell off you don't have supp players.
Mei is getting absolutely destroyed with these nerfs :(
Mei is completely destroyed with these nerves: (
May is completely destroyed by these nerves: (
Mei is already absolutely destroyed with these nerfs :(
Now Mei is getting absolutely to destroyed with these nerfs : (
she is getting absolutely comfortable with these nerfs :(
"I didn't like the idea initially
"I didn't like the idea at first
"Initially
"I didn't like the idea originally
"Although I didn't like the idea initially
"I didn't enjoy the premise initially
Give the men nice butts too.
"Give the men nice butts
Give men good butts too.
Give the men nice butts hips.
All Give the men nice butts too.
Give the men those butts too.
"I'm sorry if he'll have any problems
"m sorry if he will have any problems
"I'm sorry if he has any problems
"I'm sorry if any bring any problems
"Sometimes I'm sorry if he'll have any any moral problems
"I'm sorry if he'll have any problems
I got an email about the festival of the lost and started sobbing cus I’m too sick to play destiny or overwatch now and the Halloween events are my favorite
I got an email about the Feast of the Lost and started sobbing because I'm too sick to play fate or watch now.
I got an email about the holiday of the lost and started to sob that I was too ill to play fate or watch now and Halloween events are my favorite
I got an email about the festival of the lost and started sobbing cus I’m too sick to play destiny or overwatch now since the Halloween events where the favorite
I got an email today about the festival of burying the dead lost and started sobbing cus I think ’ m too sick to play by destiny or overwatch now but and the Halloween events are my favorite
I got an email about the festival with the lost and started crying cus I’m too sick to play with or overwatch people and the magical events are my favorite
forgot i hated overwatch
I forgot I hated overwatch
I forgot that I had hatched a wristwatch
forgot i hated them
forgot when i hated overwatch
forgot i always overwatch
Ah fuck here we go again.
"Oh god
"Oh hell
Ah fuck up we go again.
« Ah fuck here we go again.
Ah fuck Down we go again.
ever since i was called funny ive never been able be any type of entertaining my life consists of overwatch anime and mukbangs and i think that’s disgusting
"Ever since I was called funny
"Ever since I was called funny
ever since i was called funny ive never like the be any type really entertaining my life consists of overwatch anime and mukbangs and i think that’s disgusting
ever since he i have was called funny but ive never been able te be around any type of entertaining my life even consists of overwatch anime and mukbangs and shit i think that ’ s disgusting
ever since i was called funny ive never be able be any type of laugh my entertainment consists of everyday comedy and mukbangs and i think that’s disgusting
"I want to quit fortnite but there is no other game I could play
"I want to quit fortnightly
"I want to quit fortnite but there is no other game I could play
"I tried to quit fortnite so there is no other game I could play
"Now I want to quit fortnite but there is no great other game I could probably play
"I want to quit fortnite as there is no other game I could blame
Sure would be nice if @PlayOverwatch actually cared about their game instead of constantly trying to kill it with one bad decision after the other.  
Surely it would be nice if @ PlayOverwatch actually took care of their game instead of constantly trying to kill it with one bad decision after another.
"Sure it would be nice if @ PlayOverwatch actually cared about their game
Sure would be neat if @PlayOverwatch actually cared about their game instead of constantly trying to kill it with one bad decision for the other.
Sure would certainly be more nice if @PlayOverwatch actually cared about fixing their little game instead of constantly trying to kill it with one terribly bad decision after the other.
Sure would be nice if you actually cared about their game instead of just trying to kill it with one bad game after the second.
Removing mcree’s noose because ur pussies enit @PlayOverwatch
Remove mcree's noose because ur pussies enit @ PlayOverwatch
Removing the noose from McCree because he plays for Zenit @ PlayOverwatch
Removing mcree’s noose because ur pussies enit …
and Removing thy mcree ’ s noose because to ur many pussies enit @PlayOverwatch
shit mcree’s pants up ur pussies enit @PlayOverwatch
"Nerd Tweet: I’m getting really disappointed with @PlayOverwatch one of my favorite games that I have played since day 1. I feel as though all they care about is esports. We finally got a new hero
"Nerd Tweet: I'm really disappointed by @ PlayOverwatch
: I'm very disappointed @ PlayOverwatch is one of my favorite games I've played since day one. I feel like all they care about is espionage.
"Nerd Tweet: I’m getting really disappointed with @PlayOverwatch one of my favourite heroes that I have played since day 1. I feel as like all they care about is esports. We still got a red hero
"Nerd Tweet : I too ’ m getting really disappointed... with @PlayOverwatch one of my favorite games yet that I have played since day number 1. Sometimes I feel as though all this they care about is esports. We finally actually got a new hero
"Nerd Tweet: I’m getting really disappointed with @PlayOverwatch were not your favorite games that I have used since day 1. I feel as sure all they are about is esports. We finally got one new hero
fuck overwatch.
Fuck overwatch.
fuck overwatch.
fuck Facebook.
fuck on overwatch.
quietly overwatch.
"@BlizzardCS so when i try to buy overwatch with a credit or debit
"@ BlizzardCS: So when I try to buy overwatch with a credit or direct debit
"@ BlizzardCS so when I try to buy a watch on credit or debit
"@BlizzardCS so when i try to buy overwatch with a BTC or debit
"@BlizzardCS so when i try hard to buy overwatch with a phone credit number or debit
"@BlizzardCS Help when i want to buy items with a wire or debit
"@PlayOverwatch How many retweets for a copy of Overwatch for pc? I can’t buy it since no money
"@ PlayOverwatch How many retweets for a copy of Overwatch for PC? I can't buy it because no money
"@ PlayOverwatch How many retweets for a copy of Overwatch for a PC? I can't buy it because there is no money since the pandemic
"@PlayOverwatch How many paid for online copy of Overwatch for pc? I can’t buy it since no money
"David @PlayOverwatch How many retweets for a new copy of Overwatch for pc? I somehow can hardly ’ bin t buy it since no new money
"@PlayOverwatch How many retweets for a edition of Overwatch for pc? I can’t get them for no money
i feel like cumgoblin69 and cumgoblin96 have cursed the overwatch servers
I feel like cumgoblin69 and cumgoblin96 have cursed the Overwatch servers
i feel like cumgoblin69 and cumgoblin96 have cursed the overwatch servers
i feel like cumgoblin69 and cumgoblin96 have cursed your overwatch servers
although i did feel like angry cumgoblin69 and cumgoblin96 must have cursed the overwatch servers
i play like cumgoblin69 so cumgoblin96 have cursed the torrent servers
goodbye console overwatch. . Read: tl.gd/n_1srd9a6
Goodbye console monitoring.. Read: tl.gd / n _ 1srd9a6
"Goodbye
goodbye magic overwatch.. Read: node.gd/n_1srd9a6
Say goodbye as console overwatch.. Read : tl. gd /... n _ 0 1srd9a6
very little<unk>.. Read: tl.gd/n_1srd9a6
this overwatch shit is a two way street man..
This Overwatch shit is a two-way man.
this warden shit is a two-way street man..
this goddamn shit is a two way street man..
this overwatch and shit is strictly a two way street man..
this religious shit is a two way street man..
I’ll never understand how people enjoy overwatch
I will never understand how people enjoy being monitored
I'll never understand how people enjoy listening
I’ll certainly understand how people enjoy overwatch
I ’ ll never understand how small people might enjoy overwatch
I’ll never understand how people usually overwatch
"It's disappointing how Overwatch doesn't do any OWL-themed events in-game
"It's disappointing how Overwatch doesn't have in-game OWL-themed events
"It's a shame that Overwatch doesn't do any OWL-related events in the game
"It's disappointing how Overwatch doesn't do any OWL-themed races in-game
"It'll s also disappointing how Well Overwatch doesn't even do almost any OWL - themed events in - between game
"It's weird how Overwatch doesn't enable anymore OWL-themed events in-game
killing myself and its @PlayOverwatch ‘s fault. Fuck you
I've killed myself and @ PlayOverwatch. '
Killing yourself and your @ PlayOverwatch's fault. Fuck you.
killing ISIS and its @PlayOverwatch ‘s fault. Fuck you
killing myself and its @PlayOverwatch ‘ s fault. I Fuck for you
it myself and its @PlayOverwatch my fault. Fuck you
So why did @PlayOverwatch make the season 23 placement cap 3900sr? Kinda shot for all the gm and Top 500 players rip @harbleuOW
So why did @ PlayOverwatch set the season 23 placement cap at 3900sr?
"So why did @ PlayOverwatch make season 23 ""Cement Cap 3900sr""?"
So why did he make the Round 23 placement cap 3900sr? Kinda shot for years the gm and Top 500 players rip @PlayOverwatch
So why did @PlayOverwatch first make the final season 23 placement cap 3900sr? Kinda a shot high for all the gm and the Top 500 players could rip @harbleuOW
So why did @PlayOverwatch make the grade 23 placement on 3900sr? Kinda like for all the gm and every 500<unk> rip @harbleuOW
So is overwatch lagging a lot more for anyone else after the LNY patch? I logged in for the first time in a while and now it's stuttering almost every match
So Overwatch lags a lot more after the LNY patch? I logged in for the first time in a while and now it stutters almost every game
"So will overtime be much more interesting for someone else after the LNY patch? I went in for the first time in a while
So is patience lagging a lot more for anybody else after the LNY patch? I logged in for the first time in a while and now have stuttering almost every match
So is overwatch still lagging a lot for more for anyone else else leaving after the old LNY patch? I logged right in for the first time in maybe a while now and now it's stuttering almost every match
So is overwatch over a lot more than anyone else after the recent patch? I logged in since the first time in a while and now it's over almost every match
My goodness @PlayOverwatch your matchmaking in competitive is as shitty as Trumps dick because he's fucking the USA in the ass.
My goodness @ PlayOverwatch Your competition mate is as crappy as Trump's cock because he fucks the US ass.
My good name is @ PlayOverwatch your match in the competition is as shit as because he fucks the US in the ass.
My goodness @PlayOverwatch your friend in competitive is as shitty as this dick because he's fucking the USA in the ass.
My dear goodness you @PlayOverwatch your matchmaking in competitive is as shitty even as Trumps dick parts because he's probably fucking the entire USA in the ass.
My goodness @PlayOverwatch your matchmaking in America is as stink as shit dick because he's fucking the USA in the the.
"Amazing how much Black Ops has content and changes wise and how much information we’re getting
"Amazing how much content Black Ops has and changes wisely and how much information we get
"It's amazing how much content and changes we get in Black Ops
"Amazing how much Black Ops has content and changes wise and that much information are getting
"In Amazing things how much Black Dragon Ops has allowed content and technological changes wise and how much information we ’ re getting
"Amazing because much Eye Ops has content and changes wise and how much information its getting
 
It is not the first time that the EU Commission has taken such a step.
"At the same time



now i'm just offended
m just offended
I'm just in shock right now
now i'm very offended
now i'd m just offended
now i'm just a
NOT ME UPDATING OVERWATCH...
DO NOT WATCH ME UPDATING...
Notice how I update the data...
NOT ME<unk> OVERWATCH...
AND NOT ON ME OF UPDATING OVERWATCH...
FOR ME UPDATING OVERWATCH...
losing every round on overwatch I HATE IT HERE pic.twitter.com/ZZgi8XvK7t
I hate losing every round HERE pic.twitter.com / ZZgi8XvK7t
"losing every round in overtime
losing every round on overwatch I HATE IT HERE pic.twitter.com/ZZgi8XvK7t
The losing every round on overwatch I HATE IT HERE pic.twitter.com/ZZgi8XvK7t
on
@Blizzard_Ent @BlizzardCS @PlayOverwatch I will apparently never follow your CoC until you actually support your community and fix the Smurf & Cheater problem and until you stop catering to those who actually do violate your ToS and CoC
"@ Blizzard _ Ent @ BlizzardCS @ PlayOverwatch It seems like I will never follow your CoC until you actually support your community and solve the Smurf & Cheater problem
"@ Blizzard _ Ent @ BlizzardCS @ PlayOverwatch I will probably never follow your CoCs until you actually support your community and solve the Smurf & Cheater problem
@Blizzard_Ent @BlizzardCS • I will apparently never follow a CoC until you actually support your community and fix the Smurf & Cheater problem and until you stop catering to those who actually do violate your ToS and Code
@Blizzard_Ent @BlizzardCS @PlayOverwatch I will therefore apparently as never follow your famous CoC until all you first actually properly support your community service and actually fix the Smurf & Cheater 3 problem and until you stop catering to those fans who actually do violate your ToS and CoC
@Blizzard_Ent @BlizzardCS @PlayOverwatch I have apparently never follow your CoC until you actually support your community and become the Smurf & Moose AND until until I stop catering to those who occasionally do violate you ToS and CoC
All the new overwatch skins are so ugly RIP
All the new Overwatch skins are so ugly RIP
All the new wristwatch skins are so ugly RIP
All the cheap overwatch skins are so ugly RIP
All the new overwatch skins today are often so ugly RIP
All the old overwatch skins are so ugly RIP
Overwatch has wrecked me  
Overwatch has ruined me
Overtime has mowed me down
Overwatch totally wrecked me
Overwatch that has wrecked me
Overwatch is wrecked me
OH. Always hated playing tracer when I'm on damage.
OH. I always hated to play trackers when I'm on damage.
OH. Always hatted playing tracer when I'm on damage.
OH. Always hated playing tracer when not on damage.
OH. Always hated herself playing tracer when seeing I'm on damage.
OH. Always hated playing tracer when L'm on the.
"@PlayOverwatch i've had this happen many times in the past few days
"@ PlayOverwatch I have done this many times in the last few days
"@ PlayOverwatch I've had this happen many times in the last few days
"@PlayOverwatch Has had this happen many times in the past few days
"@PlayOverwatch and i've had this happen many times but in the past past few days
"@PlayOverwatch i've had this around 6 times in the past few days
holy balls this is unreal
"Holy balls
holy balls are unreal
holy balls this fucking unreal
By holy balls this is unreal
holy because this is unreal
@CODLeague when I watch the NFL I dont see NBA shit why are there more ads of overwatch
"@ CODLeague When I look at the NFL
@ CODLeague when I watch the NFL I dont see NBA shit why are there more ads of overwatch
@CODLeague when I watch the NFL I dont see NBA shit t are there more games of overwatch
@CODLeague when I do watch ESPN the NFL I so dont wanna see NBA shit why are there more ads of overwatch
@CODLeague when I watch the NFL I dont see NBA shit Or are these more ads of overwatch
Since I’ve lost more than 1000 SR in  
Since I lost more than 1000 SR in
"Since I lost more than 1
Since I’ve lost more than one SR in
Since I might ’ ve lost more than a 1000 SR in
alone I’ve lost more than 1000 SR in
@PlayOverwatch 4 years in and Reinhardt still can't cancel charge.... Really?????
@ PlayOverwatch 4 years in and Reinhardt still can't cancel for free.... Really?????
@ PlayOverwatch 4 years in and still can't cancel the charge.... Really?????
@PlayOverwatch 4 years in and Reinhardt still can't cancel charge.... still
Robert @PlayOverwatch 4 years in office and Reinhardt Smith still can'you t exactly cancel charge.... Really?????
@PlayOverwatch<unk> comes in and Reinhardt still can't fully charge.... Really?????
"SOMEONE PLEASE RELEASE A NEW FPS
"PLEASE ONCE A NEW FPS
"SOMEONE PLEASE RELEASE A NEW FPS
"SOMEONE PLEASE RELEASE A BOOK LIST
"8 SOMEONE 11 PLEASE AN RELEASE A NEW OF FPS
"SOMEONE PLEASE YOU<unk> PALM BEACH
the greatest shatter in overwatch pic.twitter.com/ksn3qCXcMo
the biggest shambles in overwatch pic.twitter.com / ksn3qCXcMo
Biggest rustle in overwatch pic.n3qCXcMo
the greatest shatter in overwatch pic.twitter.com/ksn3qCXcMo
2 the greatest shatter in overwatch pic.twitter.com/ksn3qCXcMo
is
"The devs of this game have so little idea what theyre doing that theyre opening a ""throw shit at the wall"" mode until something sticks. . Good to know this comes in place of new content because of how poorly balanced the entire structure of the game is"
"The developers of this game have so little idea what they are doing that they open up a ""shit to the wall"" mode until something sticks. Good to know that this takes the place of new content because the whole structure of the game is poorly balanced."
"Developers of this game have such a poor idea of what they are doing that they open the ""throw shit at the wall"" mode until something sticks... It's nice to know that this is replacing new content because of how balanced the whole structure of the game is."
"The devs of this game have so little idea what theyre doing that theyre keeping this ""throw shit at the tank"" mode until concrete sticks.. Good to know this comes in place without new content because of how poorly balanced the entire structure of the game is"
"to The biggest devs out of this complex game system have not so little idea what theyre doing that what theyre opening a "" throw shit at the wall "" mode until something sticks.. Good to know this comes in place of new social content because of how poorly balanced the entire structure of the basic game system is"
"The devs of this game have so little idea much theyre missing that theyre opening a ""throw shit at the wall"" mode until something sticks.. Good to know this comes in place of new elements because once all beautifully balanced the entire rest of the system is"
*opens overwatch to play for the first time in weeks*. . *opens anniversary loot box and there’s a new riot police skin*. . Oof.....bad timing Overwatch...bad timing...
* opens Overwatch to play for the first time in weeks *.. * opens anniversary loot box and there is a new skin of riot police *. Oof..... bad timing Overwatch... bad timing...
"* opens Overwatch to play for the first time in a few weeks *.. * opens the anniversary box with the loot
*opens overwatch to play for very first time with the. *opens anniversary contents box and there’s a new riot police skin*.. Oof.....bad timing Overwatch...bad timing...
* A opens overwatch to play for the very first time sometime in weeks *.. * opens each anniversary loot in box and is there It ’ s come a little new riot police skin *.. Oof..... bad timing Overwatch... A bad timing...
*opens overwatch to play for kids first Xbox in weeks*.. *opens anniversary loot box only makes a cute sexy police skin*.. says.....bad timing Overwatch...bad moments...
@Blizzard_Ent @PlayOverwatch 3v3 elimination?? FFA Deathmatch?? .  y’all are killing me with these change daily tabs. Is overwatch dying or something ? . 
@ Blizzard _ Ent @ PlayOverwatch 3v3 Elimination?? FFA Deathmatch??. Everyone is killing me with these daily changes. Is overwatch dying or something?.
@ Blizzard _ Ent @ PlayOverwatch 3v3?? FFA Deathmatch??. y'all are killing me with these change daily tabs. Is overwatch dying or something?.
@Blizzard_Ent @PlayOverwatch 3v3 at FFA Deathmatch??.  y’all are killing me with our change daily thoughts. Is overwatch dying or something?.
@Blizzard_Ent 25 @PlayOverwatch 3v3 elimination?? FFA 2 Deathmatch??. y ’ all are killing in me with these and change to daily tabs. Is this overwatch dying... or forgetting something?.
@Blizzard_Ent @PlayOverwatch 3v3 elimination?? THIS<unk>??. y’all just like me with these meaningless daily tabs. Or Josh dying or something?.
My most embarrassing Overwatch moment pic.twitter.com/V0xCSpDiHo
My most embarrassing Overwatch moment pic.twitter.com / V0xCSpDiHo
My most embarrassing Overwatch moment pic.wikipedia.org / V0xCSpDiHo
My most embarrassing Overwatch moment pic.twitter.com/V0xCSpDiHo
and My most embarrassing Overwatch moment pic.twitter.com/V0xCSpDiHo
to
@PlayOverwatch fix your game i hate when I'm lagging i can't do anything
"@ PlayOverwatch fix your game I hate when I lag behind
@ PlayOverwatch fix your game I hate when I can't do anything
@PlayOverwatch fix your game people hate when I'm lagging i can't do anything
@PlayOverwatch fix your head game i hate when I'm too lagging because i can't do nearly anything
a speed racing game i hate when I'm lagging i can't do anything
BEST CHARACTER IN THE GAME .... DONT FUCKIN @ ME
Best character in the game.... DONT FUCKIN @ ME
BEST CHARACTER IN THE GAME.... DONT FUCKIN @ ME
BEST CHARACTER IN THE GAME.... DONT K @ ME
BEST CHARACTER ON IN IT THE WA GAME.... IT DONT AN FUCKIN @ ME
A CHARACTER IN AL GAME.... I FUCKIN @ ME
i need to actually get some artwork done and get rid of my overwatch emote. its been a long time since i quit that shit
I actually need to do some artwork and get rid of my Overwatch emotion. It's been a long time since I stopped this shit.
i need to actually get some art done and get rid of my overwatch emote. its been a long time since i quit that shit
i need to actually get some artwork done and complete rid of my overwatch emote. its been so long time since i quit that shit
i need to also actually get away some artwork done and get rid of my overwatch in emote. its been a mighty long time off since i quit that shit
i need to actually get some artwork moving and get rid of said overwatch addiction. its been a long moment since i quit that shit
haha new  
haha
haha new
haha<unk>
And haha new
haha I
Did I just have really high expectations for the  
Did I only have really high expectations of the
Did I really have high expectations from
Did n just have really high expectations for the
Did I just have really high expectations on for the
Did I just have crazy high expectations for the
@XboxP3 delay the Xbox Series X what’s the point now that Halo has been delayed.
"@ XboxP3 delayed the Xbox Series X
"@ XboxP3 delays Xbox Series X
@XboxP3 ask of Xbox Series X what’s the point now that Halo has been delayed.
@XboxP3 delay the Xbox Series X what ’ won s the right point in now that Halo has not been delayed.
@XboxP3 delay the Xbox PS X what’s the press now saying Halo has been delayed.
"I don’t want a ps5 or xbox x/s 
"I do not want ps5 or xbox x / s
"I don't want 5 or xbox x / s
"I don’t want a ps5 or xbox x/s
"I don ’ t want a ps5 string or any xbox x / s
"I don’t am a ps5 or c x/s
THE FUCK YOU SAY TO ME?
THAT TELL YOU SAY ME FOR YOU?
FUCK YOU SAY THE ME?
THE FUCK YOU W TO ME?
THE last FUCK YOU SAY TO ON ME?
THE FUCK THE SAY TO ME?
Very expensive
Very expensive
Very expensive
Very Important
But Very expensive
Very Please
"""next gen performance"" . ""most small xbox EVER"". fuck. they need to put that ever . xbox series s is 1440p60 low end performance don't tell me it's powerful than ps5 digital"
"""next gen performance."" ""most small xbox ever."" damn
"""next gen performance."" ""most small xbox EVER."" fuck they need to put that ever. xbox series s is 1440p60 low end performance do not tell me it's power than 5 digital"
"""next gen performance"". ""most small xbox EVER"". fuck. less need to put that ever.<unk> series s is 1440p60 low end.... don't ask me it's powerful than ps5 digital"
""" next whole gen possible performance "". "" most other small xbox users EVER "". fuck. they need to put that ever. xbox series s is 1440p60 to low end performance don't dare tell me or it're s that powerful less than ps5 digital"
"""next gen performance"". ""most impressive xbox EVER"". fuck. they continue to put that out. xbox series s<unk> 1440p60 highest end performance don't tell damn it's cheaper than ps5 and"
I feel so bad XBOX X MEN or whatever its name is.
I feel so bad XBOX X MEN or whatever his name is.
I feel so bad XBOX MEN or whatever its name is.
I feel so bad my X MEN or whatever its name is.
I feel so bad XBOX X to MEN II or whatever its name is is.
I feel so bad XBOX OF MEN or whatever its name now.
"not this cinderblock console.... PS5 outsold already. why do you girls even bother at this point? give it up
"not this Cinderblock console.... PS5 is already selling out. why bother at this point at all? Give up
"Not this console with a block of cylinders.... the PS5 is already on sale.. why are you girls even worried at this moment? give up
"not this cinderblock console.... PS5 outsold already. why will we girls even bother at this point? give it up
"not over this cinderblock console.... PS5 outsold one already. why do you dumb girls never even bother yelling at this low point? give all it up
"not this console shit.... PS5 outsold already. why do you girls still bother at all point? Switch it up
Lol at this stupid deal
Lol about this stupid deal
Lol on this stupid deal
Lol at the stupid deal
Lol at took this stupid deal
Lol at this awesome deal
Series X is fucking huge wtf
Series X is fucking huge wtf
Series X is fucking huge wtf
Series X is also huge wtf
Series X is fucking real huge wtf
Series this is fucking huge wtf
"Not unheard of
"Frankly
"The problem
"Not unheard of
"Not unheard of
"is unheard of
So while I was away I sold my PS4 Pro and Xbox One X to help me save up for the new consoles and I just love how I managed to cop a PS5 with Demons Souls and Miles Morales cuz Sony fucked up on the pre-order date but I got cucked on getting a Xbox Series X because of scalpers smh
"So while I was away I sold my PS4 Pro and Xbox One X to save on the new consoles
So while I was away I sold my PS4 Pro and Xbox One X to help me save up for the new consoles and I just love how I managed to cop a PS5 with Demons Souls and Miles Morales cuz Sony fucked up on the pre-order date but I got cucked on getting a Xbox Series X because of scalpers smh
So while I was away I sold my PS4 Pro and Xbox One X to help me set up for the new consoles and people just love when I managed to cop a PS5 with Demons Souls and Miles Morales cuz Verizon fucked up on the pre-order date but I got lucky on buying a Xbox Series 8 because of scalpers smh
So just while I was away I sold my PS4 Pro and Xbox One X to help me better save up for the new consoles themselves and I actually just love it how I managed to really cop a decent PS5 with Demons Souls and Miles Morales for cuz Sony fucked up work on the pre - order date but I got cucked on getting a Xbox Series X X because of scalpers smh
So while Scott being away I sold my PS4 Pro and Xbox One Series because try me save up for the actual ones and we just mentioned how I managed to cop a PS5 with Demons Souls and Miles Morales cuz its fucked up on the pre-order date but I got cucked on getting a Xbox Series X because of scalpers smh
Unfortunately true


Unfortunately...
Unfortunately... true
Unfortunately there
look at how bad xbox series x graphics look lol they workin with nasa now?
Look at how bad Xbox series x graphics look now they're working with Nasa?
look at how bad xbox series x graphics look lol they work with nasa now?
look at how bad xbox er x graphics look lol they workin with nasa now?
look at how bad The xbox series in x graphics look in lol they workin with nasa right now?
like at how fun that series x graphics look lol they workin with nasa now?
4k 30fps??????? Wtf???? That’s really dumb.
4k 30fps??????? Wtf????? That's really stupid.
4k 30fps?????? Wtf???? That's really dumb.
4k 30fps???????<unk> That’s really dumb.
4k M 30fps??????? t Wtf???? 3 That ’ it s really on dumb.
point is??????? Wtf???? That’s really dumb.
Now we know the GitHub leaks were true! Xbox Series X has bad yields and developers are having issues getting to to perform properly. List of wasted Tflops missing. Ray Tracing DLC patches in a year or two. This is not a good look. .  @PostUp_bbb @nxtgen8k @MM2K pic.twitter.com/HQ3JGf58he
Now we know that the GitHub leaks were true! Xbox Series X has poor yields and developers are having trouble working properly. List of wasted tflops missing. Ray tracing DLC patches in a year or two. That's not a good look... @ PostUp _ bbb @ nxtgen8k @ MM2K pic.twitter.com / HQ3JGf58he
"Now we know there were bugs! Xbox Series X has bad cores
Now we know the GitHub leaks were true! Xbox Series X has bad yields and developers are having issues getting to to perform properly. List of wasted Tflops missing. Ray Tracing DLC patches in a year or two. This is not a good look. .  RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR pic.twitter.com/HQ3JGf58he
PC Now we know the GitHub leaks were true! Xbox Series X has bad yields and developers are having issues getting to to perform properly. List of wasted Tflops missing. Ray Tracing DLC patches in a year or two. This is not a good look. .  RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR pic.twitter.com/HQ3JGf58he
that
same shit for another yeat is it
The same shit for another yeat it is
It's shit for another.
same shit takes another yeat is it
same shit was for another yeat is it
same shit for another yeat is shit
Microsoft could of done a better job of demonstrating gameplay of the  . . Excited to see July event that features 1st party titles as well as  
"Microsoft could
"Microsoft
Microsoft could of done an better job of demonstrating gameplay of the .. Excited to see Update 7 that features 1st party titles as well as
Now Microsoft could of had done a better job of demonstrating gameplay of more the.. Excited to see July 2018 event that features 1st party titles as well both as
Microsoft could of done a good job of improving gameplay of these.. Excited to see July event that features 1st party titles as well the
@Parada45  looks dirty
@ Parada45 looks dirty
@ fonda45 looks dirty
@Parada45 <unk> dirty
@Parada45 looks super dirty
This looks dirty
Watching @Xbox fuck up ANOTHER system launch ( . . Go be like @SEGA and get the fuck out of gaming hardware @Microsoft pic.twitter.com/6aOH1u6h60
Watching @ Xbox screw up another system launch (... Be like @ SEGA and get the shit out of the gaming hardware @ Microsoft pic.twitter.com / 6aOH1u6h60
Watching @ Xbox fuck up ANOTHER system launch (. Go be like @ SEGA and get the fuck out of gaming hardware @ Microsoft pic.fuck / 6aOH1u6h60
Watching RhandlerR fuck up ANOTHER system launch ( . . Go be like RhandlerR and get the fuck out of gaming hardware RhandlerR pic.twitter.com/6aOH1u6h60
The Watching RhandlerR fuck up ANOTHER system launch ( . . Go be like RhandlerR and get the fuck out of gaming hardware RhandlerR pic.twitter.com/6aOH1u6h60
the
Too bad the Xbox Series X won't have any Xbox Game Studios Exclusives until a year after the consoles launch ouch.
It's just a shame that Xbox Series X won't feature Xbox Game Studios Exclusives until a year after the console launches.
It is a pity that the Xbox Series X will not have exclusive Xbox Game Studios until a year after the launch of the consoles.
Too bad the Xbox and X won't have any Xbox Game Studios Exclusives until a year after their consoles launch ouch.
Too ends bad the upcoming Xbox Series X won't even have been any Xbox Game Studios Exclusives until a year later after the consoles launch ouch.
Too bad the Xbox Series team won't have any Xbox Game V Exclusives over a year after the Xbox launch ouch.
I can't even be mad I'm just a fucking idiot
"I can't even be crazy
I can't even be mad I'm just a fucking idiot
I can't even ask mad I'm just a fucking idiot
I can't even honestly be mad I'd m just a fucking idiot
<unk> guess't even be mad I'm just a fucking idiot
Do you want fries to go with that salt? Lol .   
Do you want fries with that salt? Lol.
Do you want Fries to go with that salt? Lol.
Do you want fries to die with that salt? Lol.
Do you want fries to go sour with half that salt? Lol.
Do you want something to go with sea salt? Lol.
It may look like a WiFi router but design wise it looks better than the Xbox series X. I think it’s unique and slick. I like it imo. You’re lucky that you haven’t gone bald yet . 
"It may look like a WiFi router
"It may look like a WiFi router
It may look quite a WiFi player but overall wise it looks better than the Xbox series X. I think it’s unique and slick. I prefer it imo. You’re lucky that you haven’t bought bald yet.
It also may look like quite a WiFi router but since design wise it probably looks better than the little Xbox series X. Because I think it sweet ’ it s super unique and slick. I like it imo. You ’ re lucky that you haven ’ all t gone bald yet.
It may look like a WiFi router but design wise iOS looks happier than the Xbox series X. Members think it’s unique and compelling. Users like it imo. You’re lucky some these haven’t gone bald yet.
 
It is not the first time that the EU Commission has taken such a step.
"At the same time



Fuck on.. 
Fuck on..
Fuck on..
Fuck Women
But Fuck on..
Fuck Me..
@IdleSloth1984 what the hell do you mean? Xbox x is litterly a pc. What the hell is the use of buying a worse pc. At least the ps5 will have a better controller. And more. Plus we actually HAVE vr. You restarted xbot
@ IdleSloth1984 what the hell do you mean? Xbox x is really a PC. What the hell is the benefit of buying a worse PC. At least the PS5 will have a better controller.
"@ IdleSloth1984
@IdleSloth1984 H the hell do you mean? Xbox x is not a good. What on hell is the use of buying a worse pc. At least the ps5 will have a better controller. And more. And we actually HAVE vr. You restarted xbot
@IdleSloth1984 what the hell do you mean? the Xbox x Play is litterly a pc. What the freaking hell there is the use out of buying a worse pc. At least the same ps5 will have a better controller. And many more. Plus if we can actually HAVE vr. 11 You restarted xbot
@IdleSloth1984 what the hell do you mean? That x is actually a pc. What the hell is god devil fucking buying a fucking pc. At least the ps5 would have our better controller. And more. But we actually HAVE vr. You restarted xbot
"After trying to make a preorder yesterday for the XBox Series X
"After the initial unsuccessful attempt to pre-order the XBox Series X yesterday
"After trying to pre-order yesterday on the XBox Series X
"After trying to make a preorder yesterday for the XBox Zero X
"After trying to make it a preorder yesterday day for all the XBox Series game X
"After trying to place a buy yesterday for the XBox Series X
If they have to buy studios to get games then it is basically a sign of a failed console.  
"If they have to buy studios to get games
"If they have to buy studios to get games
If they have to buy studios to get games then it is surely every sign of a failed console.
If and they have to buy studios designed to only get games then it is basically a sign of a possibly failed console.
If they have to contract studios to get games then that most basically a sign of a failed console.
A revolutionary new form factor for PC gaming? Intel's new Ghost Canyon NUC offers excellent performance in a case that's significantly smaller than Xbox Series X: eurogamer.net/articles/digit…
A revolutionary new form factor for PC games? Intel's new Ghost Canyon NUC offers outstanding performance in a chassis significantly smaller than the Xbox Series X: eurogamer.net / articles / digit...
New form factor for video games? The new Ghost Canyon NUC Intel offers excellent performance in a case that is significantly smaller than the Xbox Series X: eurogen.net / articles / digit...
A revolutionary new form<unk> of PC drivers? Intel's new Ghost Canyon hinge offers excellent performance in a case that's significantly smaller than Xbox Series X: eurogamer.net/articles/digit…
A revolutionary relatively new form factor for PC space gaming?... Intel's new Ghost Canyon NUC card offers still excellent performance in a case that's only significantly smaller than Xbox Vision Series X : eurogamer. net / articles / digit html …
A revolutionary body form factor for new gaming? Honda's new Ghost Canyon HD has incredible performance in a case that's significantly smaller than Xbox Series X: eurogamer.net/articles/digit...
bruh if Xbox Series X game cases actually look like OG Xbox game cases my wallet finna have a problem.
"bruh
"bruh
bruh if Xbox Series X game cases almost sounds like OG Xbox game cases my wallet finna have a problem.
... bruh if Xbox Series or X game cases actually look like OG Savage Xbox game cases and my wallet finna have a problem.
bruh if Xbox System X game<unk> actually look like OG Xbox game cards my wallet finna have a problem.
This is sad.
It's sad.
It's sad.
This felt sad.
the This is sad.
He is sad.
Just letting you know I'll be buying a ps5 at launch but are people really having trouble reading the box art for the Xbox Series X. Sure there's plenty of descriptors but it's not very confusing???
"Just let me know that I will buy a PS5 at launch
"Just let me know I'll buy a 5-inch model at launch
Just as you know might be buying a ps5 at launch but are people really having trouble reading this box art for the Xbox Series X. Sure there's alot of descriptors but it's not very confusing???
Just a letting you know I'll be buying on a ps5 at a launch somewhere but are people really having trouble reading the fine box art for buying the premium Xbox Series of X. Sure there'm s plenty of descriptors but it's not very confusing???
for letting you know many'll be buying no ps5 at launch but its people really having trouble picking that box art for the Xbox Series X. Sure there's plenty neat descriptors but it's not very confusing???
"The @Xbox series X is an awful looking console. Big
"The @ Xbox Series X is a horrible looking console. Big
"The @ Xbox series X is an awesome looking console. Big
"The @Xbox series X is an awful looking console. Big
"The @Xbox series X computer is an awful looking data console. Big
"and @Xbox series died on an awful looking console. Big
"Seen some say: ""Dirt 5
"Some say: ""Dirt 5
"Some say: ""Dirt 5
"Seen some say: ""Dirt 5
"Seen what some say : "" Mad Dirt Racing 5
"Seen some say: ""Dirt 5
Wtf lol
Wtf lol
Wtf lol
Wtf?
Wtf and lol
<unk> lol
"I hate this game. EVERY SINGLE YEAR
"I hate this game. EVERY ONE YEAR
"I hate this game. EVERY SINGLE YEAR
"I hate this game. EVERY SINGLE YEAR
"Sometimes I suddenly hate this stupid game. A EVERY SINGLE OF YEAR
"children play horrible game. EVERY SINGLE YEAR
Bruh. The sony reveal was pointless did we get any info on 120fps ? nope. Who the fuck cares anymore. Its 2020 and we are just starting to get 4k 60 . - Console pleb
"Bruhns. The sony unveiling was pointless
Bruh. The sony reveal was pointless did we get any info on 120fps? nope. Who the fuck cares anymore. Its 2020 and we are just starting to get 4k 60. - Console pleb
Bruh. The sony reveal was pointless did we get any snow on this? nope. Who the fuck cares anymore. Its winter and we are just starting to get 4k 60. Id Console pleb
Bruh. The only sony reveal was pointless did we get any contact info back on 120fps?... nope. Who the fuck cares anymore. Its 2020 and there we are just keep starting there to get 4k 60. - Electronic Console 1 pleb
in. My big reveal was pointless did we get all info on 120fps? nope. Who the fuck has anymore. Its 2020 and Nokia are just planning to get 4k 60. - Console pleb
I'm still not buying an Xbox Series X.
I still don't buy Xbox Series X.
I still don't buy the Xbox Series X.
I'm still not buying an X Series X.
I'm still not buying on an Xbox 360 Series X.
I'm still not buying an Xbox Series game.
Imagine having to sell shoes just for someone to buy your shitty system.
Imagine having to sell shoes just for someone to buy your crappy system.
Imagine having to sell your shoes just for someone to buy your shitty system.
Imagine having to sell shoes just for someone to buy your shitty coat.
Imagine yourself having to sell your shoes just for someone to buy your shitty banking system.
Imagine having to sell something just for someone to buy a shitty system.
too bad the developers in the recent years care more about graphics than the game itself. they fear releasing proper gameplay cause the fans have become toxic enough to get hyped up for a lost cause. muh damn graphics..  
It's just a pity that in recent years the developers have been more concerned about graphics than the game itself. They're afraid to get the right gameplay out because the fans have become toxic enough to be hyped up for a lost occasion. muh damn graphics.
It is bad enough that developers in recent years care more about graphics than about the game itself. They fear that the wrong gameplay will make fans so toxic that they will lose interest in the game.
too bad the developers through the recent years care more for graphics than the game itself. they fear releasing proper gameplay cos sometimes fans have become toxic enough to get hyped up for a lost cause. muh damn graphics..
too bad for the developers in the recent years all care more about graphics than the game itself. However they will fear releasing proper quality gameplay and cause again the fans might have become toxic enough to get hyped up for a lost cause. muh damn poor graphics..
too bad much developers in the recent years care more about graphics than the game itself. they fear releasing fresh content to the fans will become toxic enough to get hyped up for a lost cause. muh oh graphics..
Fuck that Big Ass Air conditioner. PS5 in 4
Fuck that Big Ass Air Conditioner. PS5 in 4
Fuck that Big Ass Air conditioner. PS5 in 4
Fuck The Big Ass Air conditioner. PS5 in 4
Fuck that Big Ass the Air body conditioner. PS5 in 4
Fuck that Big Ass Air conditioner. PS5 has this
"August. The 14th.. Still no release dates or prices. A blatant lack of information on how well backward compatibility really works. No real
"August 14. The 14... Still no release dates or prices. A glaring lack of information about how well backward compatibility really works. No real
"August 14. There are still no release dates or prices. Hidden lack of information about how well backward compatibility works. No real
"August. September 14th.. And no release dates or prices. A blatant lack of information on why well backward compatibility really works. No neat
"August. The 14th.. Still... no release dates or suggested prices. A blatant possible lack of information on how well this backward compatibility really never works. This No real
"2006. The 14th.. Still in release dates public prices. A blatant lack of information on where well backward compatibility just works. No real
"YOOOOOOO The PS5 design looks so slick
YOOOOOOO The PS5 design is so slick that the Xbox Series X looks like a boring PC box.
YOUNGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGEGE
"YOOOOOOO The PS5 kit looks so slick
"YOOOOOOO The PS5 design looks it so slick
"YOOOOOOO My PS5 design looks so slick
"If y'all are wondering why I dont use paypal anymore
"If you are all wondering why I no longer use Paypal
"If you're all wondering why I no longer use paypal
"If y'all are curious why I dont try paypal anymore
"If y'all three are wondering why for I just dont use paypal y anymore
"If y'all are wondering why I finally want paypal anymore
@VaArcAngel80 aka another XBOT just BLOCKED me for saying the  
@ VaArcAngel80 aka another XBOT just blocked me for saying the
@ ArcAngel80 aka another XBOT just Blocked me for saying the
@VaArcAngel80 aka another XBOT owner BLOCKED me for saying the
Captain @VaArcAngel80 aka another XBOT just BLOCKED me up for saying in the
man aka W XBOT just BLOCKED me for saying the
Damn that's embarrassing.
"Damn it
"Damn
Damn shit embarrassing.
Damn and that's embarrassing.
Damn love's embarrassing.
"Ehy pony dragon
"Honest pony dragon
Dev decided that Capcom had pushed the Series X version into an obsolete game. You must be really stupid not to understand it.
"Ehy<unk> dragon
"Ehy pony dragon
"Ehy pony dragon
Dumbasses
Dumbasses
Dumbass
Dumbasses
8 Dumbasses
to
Damn!!!!!!
Damn it!!!!!!
Damn!!!!!!
Damn!!!!!!
Oh Damn!!!!!!
Damn!!!!!!
With the unconfirmed reports of the  
With the unconfirmed reports of the
With unconfirmed reports that
With the preliminary reports of the
With the unconfirmed media reports of the
With the unconfirmed reports with the
Bad luck to be tested... Again
Unlucky to be tested... Again
Failure in the exam... Again
Bad luck to be Won Again
Bad luck to be being tested... Again
Bad luck to be tested... to
The fact that even next gen consoles 60 wont be the standard drives me nuts.. . Glad I have a PC . 
The fact that even Next-Gen 60 consoles won't be the standard drives me mad... Good thing I have a PC.
"The fact that even next year
The fact where even next gen consoles 60 wont be fully standard drives me nuts... Glad I have a PC.
1 The fact though that even next gen consoles 60 wont be the standard version drives me nuts... Thanks Glad you I have a PC.
The fact that even next gen consoles 60 wont be the current PC as on... Glad I have a PC.
Disgusting smh
Disgusting smh
Disgusting smh
Disgusting culture
and Disgusting smh
oh smh
"Where is everybody sayin how big the xbox was and "" fridge "" .. sound dumb as hell now lmao"
"Where is everyone who says how big the Xbox was and ""fridge.."" now sounds as stupid as hell lmao"
"Where is everyone sayin how big the xbox was and ""fridge.."" sound dumb as hell now lmao"
"Where is everybody sayin how big the xbox was and "" fridge "".. you dumb in hell now lmao"
"32 Where it is everybody who sayin exactly how big the xbox was and "" fridge "".. sound dumb wet as hell now lmao"
"what is someone sayin it big the xbox was and "" and "".. sound dumb as hell now lmao"
"Ok so this is getting to me... Microsoft saying they wont have any Year 1 exclusives for Xbox Series X is a business decision in THEIR benifit
"Ok
"Ok so this is getting to me... Microsoft saying they wont have any Year 1 exclusions for Xbox Series X is a business decision in THEIR benefit
"Ok so this is getting to me... Microsoft saying they wont have any generation 1 exclusives for Xbox LIVE X is a business decision in THEIR power
"Ok so this is getting to bother me... Even Microsoft saying they wont have any Year 1 release exclusives for Xbox Series MVP X games is a business decision in THEIR time benifit
"Ok so this is getting to me... Microsoft saying they wont have any Year 1 exclusives for Xbox Series X is a business within within THEIR benifit
"Just remember; EB Games could have learnt a lesson from the Ps5 launch for the Xbox Series X
"Remember: EB Games could have learned a lesson from the Ps5 launch for the Xbox Series X
"Just remember; EB Games could have learned a lesson from running Ps5 for the Xbox Series X
"Just remember; EB X MUST have learnt a lesson from Sony Ps5 launch of the Nintendo Series X
"Just remember ; EB Games could have learnt a neat lesson just from the Ps5 launch for introducing the Microsoft Xbox 360 Series X
"Just remember; EB Games could perhaps learnt a lesson from the Ps5 launch for the Xbox N X
"You are a special kind of shit bag
"You're a shitbag of a special kind
"You're a special kind of shit bag
"You are a special kind a shit bag
"You are a special kind sort of weird shit bag
"You get a special load of shit bag
My iphone has more cores than this.
My iPhone has more cores than that.
My iphone has more corsets than that.
My iphone needs more cores than this.
My iphone has dozens more cores on than this.
My iphone has bigger cores than this.
Xbox naming is unbelievably confusing.
The Xbox naming is incredibly confusing.
The Xbox titles are clearly confusing.
Xbox naming is unbelievably frustrating.
Our Xbox naming is all unbelievably confusing.
file naming is unbelievably confusing.
x box won’t catch me till they change this controller
x box will not catch me until they change this controller
x box won't catch me till they change this contract
x Wing won’t catch me till they change this controller
x box won ’ t catch from me till they all change this controller
box box won’t catch me till they change this controller
The new xbox series x box design is gonna suck for anyone with trypophobia
Xbox's new X-Box design is for anyone with trypophobia
The new xbox design of the x box series will be useful for all those who suffer from trypphobia
The new xbox series x box design is gonna suck for anyone with hands
The new xbox series x box kit design is also gonna always suck for anyone with trypophobia
The whole xbox series x box design is gonna suck for anyone with skin
"@NBA2K_MyTEAM @NBA2K @2K I purchased something from you
@ NBA2K _ MyTEAM @ NBA2K @ 2K I bought something from you but never received it and your customer service says it is not their problem. Do I need to contact the better office? This is ridiculous
"@ N2K _ MyTEAM @ N2K @ 2K I bought something from you but never got it
"@NBA2K_MyTEAM @NBA2K @2K I purchased something from you
"@NBA2K_MyTEAM D @NBA2K @2K I purchased that something from just you
"@NBA2K_MyTEAM @NBA2K @2K just purchased something from you
@NBA2K_MyTEAM with each victory in triple threat online the guys leave before the rewards and in the end I end up with rewards of shit settled this focking problem
@ NBA2K _ MyTEAM with every win in triple threat online the guys leave before the rewards and in the end I get done with rewards of shit this focking problem
@ N2K _ MyTEAM with every win in the triple threat online guys leave before the awards and eventually I get the awards out of the shit solved this stupid problem
@NBA2K_MyTEAM with each victory in triple threat online the guys leave out the rewards and so the end I end up with rewards of shit settled this focking :)
@NBA2K_MyTEAM connects with each other victory as in triple threat online until the bad guys leave before the rewards and in the far end I end up with rewards of shit settled this focking problem
where with each win in triple threat online the guys leave before the rewards and in the end I end up with rewards like shit settled this stupid problem
"Just played 1 game of that 1v1 on @NBA2K and holt crap is that the laggiest mode ever. Whoever is host has major advantage
"I just played a game of this 1v1 on @ NBA2K and get crap that is the most latecomer mode ever. Whoever is host has a big advantage
Just played 1 game of this 1v1 on @ N2K and the shit is that the best mode ever.
"Just played 1 game with that 1v1 on @NBA2K and holt crap is that the laggiest man around. Whoever is host has major advantage
"3 Just been played 1 game of play that 1v1 on @NBA2K and still holt crap if is that the laggiest mode ever. Whoever is host has major advantage
"have played 1 game of that 1v1 on @NBA2K and holt crap down that fucking laggiest mode ever. Whoever is host a major advantage
"@NBA2K my 2k started to sync
"@ NBA2K my 2k started to sync
"@ N2K my 2k started to sync
"@NBA2K my 2k started to die
"@NBA2K my 2k t started re to sync
"@NBA2K my monitors started to sync
2k games is never the same again . 
2k games are never the same again.
The 2k games will never be the same again.
2k games is basically the same again.
2k games is never treated the same again.
2k games be never the same again.
@Ronnie2K @LD2K @Beluba @nba2k I need answers??? Charge‼.  how sway? Man clearly flopped I didn’t even touch the guy but this game so broken that it’s to late to fix this 🤦. ‍.   
"@ Ronnie2K @ LD2K @ Beluba @ nba2k I need answers??? Charge. How swaying? Man clearly flopped I have not even touched the guy
@ Ron2K @ LD2K @ Beluba @ nba2k I need answers???? Charging????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
@Ronnie2K … @LD2K @Beluba I need somebody Charge‼.  how sway? It clearly flopped I didn’t even touch the guy but it was so broken that it’s to late to fix this 🤦. ‍.
@Ronnie2K @LD2K @Beluba N @nba2k I totally need answers??? Charge [UNK]. But how she sway? Man clearly flopped so I really didn ’ t even touch the guy but this game so broken that it ’ is s tough to late to to fix this mess [UNK]..
@Ronnie2K my Sir @LD2K I need answers??? I. how sway? Man clearly flopped I never ever touch the guy but this game so broken the it’s kinda hard to fix this <unk>..
"@NBA2K really just took 20 dollars from me
"@ NBA2K really only took $20 from me
"@ N2K really just took $20 from me
"@NBA2K really just took 20 dollars from me
"@NBA2K but really it just took 20 dollars all from me
"@NBA2K really just took 20 dollars from me
"keep it a bean
"Shooting is a big problem for me because I just don't have the time to practice this new shot counter for hours. Last year
"Keep it beans
"keep it a bean
"to keep it a bean
"keep it short bean
5 days w no response. @2KSupport @NBA2K @Ronnie2K
5 days without reply. @ 2KSupport @ NBA2K @ Ronnie2K
5 days without response. @ 2KSupport @ N2K @ Ron2K
5 days w art response. @2KSupport @NBA2K @Ronnie2K
5 days w no phone response.... @2KSupport... @NBA2K @Ronnie2K
5 days w no response. @2KSupport has G
"Dude
"Dude
"The guy
"Dude
"Dude
"Dude
@NBA2K suck my dick all you pieces of shit developers y’all servers ass we still don’t got crossplay and I hope magic johnson kiss all y’all on your cheek
@ NBA2K suck my dick all you pieces of shit y'all ass we still don't get crossplay and I hope magic johnson kiss all y'all on your cheek
@ N2K suck all your pieces of shit y'all ass servers we still haven't gotten cross and I hope magical son Jason kisses all y'all on your cheek
@NBA2K suck your dick all you pieces of soul developers y’all hook ass up still don’t got crossplay and I hope magic johnson kiss all y’all on your cheek
2 @NBA2K and suck my dick and all you pieces of shit the developers y ’ all that servers ass we is still fighting don ’ t got crossplay and I hope magic johnson kiss all y ’ mighty all on your cheek
@NBA2K suck my dick all you pieces of shit my y’all servers ass we a don’t got crossplay and I hope magic johnson has all y’all you Friday back
@NBA2K my preorder bonuses aren’t showing
@ NBA2K my pre-order bonuses are not displayed
@ N2K my pre-order bonuses don't show
@NBA2K my preorder bonuses for showing
@NBA2K my preorder bonuses aren aren ’ t worth showing
@NBA2K my preorder bonuses aren’t any
Bruh @Ronnie2K @NBA2K who the fuck is this?
Bruh @ Ronnie2K @ NBA2K Who the hell is that?
Bruh @ Ron2K @ N2K who is?
Bruh @Ronnie2K @NBA2K who the fuck is who?
Bruh @Ronnie2K it @NBA2K who the... fuck car is this?
Bruh the @Ronnie2K who the fuck is that?
@NBA2K how did we start this generation with these graphics and then end with these graphics? sad. y’all are so money hungry that you sacrificed a good game for microtransactions and screwed your fans since you had no competitors. we went from this to “we’re adding bape” ... pic.twitter.com/HYQjzfPaBB
"@ NBA2K how did we start this generation with these graphics and then stop with these graphics? sadly they are all so money hungry that they sacrificed a good game for microtransactions and screwed up their fans because they had no competitors. we went from here to ""we add tape..."" pic.twitter.com / HYQjzfPaBB"
@ N2K how did we start this generation with this graphics and then finish with this graphics? sad that everyone is so hungry for money that you sacrificed a good game for micro broadcasts and screwed up your fans because you had no competitors.
RhandlerR how did we start this generation with these graphics and then end with these graphics? sad. y’all are so money hungry that you sacrificed a good game for microtransactions and screwed your fans since you had no competitors. we went from this to “we’re adding bape” ... pic.twitter.com/HYQjzfPaBB
as RhandlerR how did we start this generation with these graphics and then end with these graphics? sad. y’all are so money hungry that you sacrificed a good game for microtransactions and screwed your fans since you had no competitors. we went from this to “we’re adding bape” ... pic.twitter.com/HYQjzfPaBB
or
🧢🧢🧢🧢 Best launch? 2k20 easily had the worst launch of it's entire franchise
Best start? 2k20 easily had the worst start of its entire franchise
"Best run? ""2K20"" was the worst run of the entire franchise"
🧢🧢🧢🧢 Best name? 2k20 easily had the biggest launch of it's entire franchise
[UNK] Best launch? 2k20 easily had the 5th worst launch pitch of it'i s entire franchise
<unk> Best Year? Disney easily had the worst launch of it's entire franchise
"not spending my $ on  . Anyone in the community know yet? DM Me the skoop! Mahaloz! Sincerely
"t know yet? DM Me the skoop! Mahaloz! Yours sincerely
"Don't waste my dollars. Does anyone else in the community know? ""I'm stingy! Mahaloz! Sincerely
"not spending my $ $$ . Anyone in the community done yet? DM Me the skoop! Mahaloz! Thanks
"Why not spending only my $ on. 5 Anyone anybody in the Russian community know yet? Not DM Me the skoop! Mahaloz! Sincerely
"not have my $ yet. Anyone in the hanging out yet? DM for the skoop! Mahaloz! Sincerely
@NBA2K game sucks... down by 2 with 38 seconds left and my team intentionally fouls
@ NBA2K game sucks... at 2 with 38 seconds to go and my team intentionally fouls
@ N2K game sucks... down by 2 with 38 seconds left and my team is heavily fouled
@NBA2K game sucks... down just 2 with 38 seconds left and my team intentionally fouls
@NBA2K game sucks... goes down by Game 2 with 38 seconds left and that my team captain intentionally fouls
locker room sucks... down by 2 with 32 seconds left and my team intentionally fouls
i honestly think @NBA2K doesnt understand the definition of an exploit.. 🤷‍.  i miss basketball 🥺 @ld2k @beluba  
I honestly think @ NBA2K doesn't understand the definition of an exploit... I miss basketball @ ld2k @ beluba
I honestly think @ N2K doesn't understand the definition of feat.. I miss basketball @ ld2k @ beluba
i honestly hope Nintendo doesnt understand the definition an an exploit.. 🤷‍.  i miss basketball 🥺 @NBA2K @ld2k
i i honestly think your @NBA2K doesnt understand the proper definition of an illegal exploit.. [UNK]. and i just miss basketball [UNK] @ld2k @beluba
i honestly think @NBA2K doesnt understand the nuance of THIS issue.. <unk>. i miss on <unk> is @ld2k
@NBA2K what’s going on with this shot meter man and I didn’t get my VC SMH
@ NBA2K what's wrong with this shot clock man and I didn't get my VC SMH
@ N2K what is going on with this shooting man and I didn't get my answer.
@NBA2K was going on with this two meter man and I didn’t get my VC SMH
So @NBA2K what ’ s going on with this shot meter from man and why I honestly didn ’ t get my VC SMH
@NBA2K what’s going on with this shot meter R and I went have my VC SMH
After playing a few games @NBA2K   
After a few games @ NBA2K
After a few games @ N2K
After playing a few games …
After playing a last few games @NBA2K
After taking a few games @NBA2K
@NBA2K_MyTEAM Fix your game my opponent paused 5 times I pressed quit to get the win and I got the Loss wtf
@ NBA2K _ MyTEAM Fix your game my opponent paused 5 times I pressed quit to get the win and I got the loss wtf
"@ N2K _ MyTEAM Fix your game
@NBA2K_MyTEAM Fix your game my opponent paused 5 times I pressed quit to get the win and even got the Loss Match
@NBA2K_MyTEAM to Fix your own game my new opponent had paused 5 times I pressed and quit to get the win and I got the Loss wtf
@NBA2K_MyTEAM Fix your game my opponent paused 5 times and pressed hard to get the win and the got the shit wtf
Sorta amusing how  .  https://t.co/Nw1LMRJGN6
Sorta amusing how. https: / / t.co / Nw1LMRJGN6
Sw1LMRJGN6.
Sorta amusing how  t  https://t.co/Nw1LMRJGN6]
Sorta More amusing is how. https://t.co/Nw1LMRJGN6 ]
Sorta amusing to. https://t.co/Nw1LMRJGN6]
This game so broken @NBA2K  
This game so broken @ NBA2K
This game is so broken @ N2K
This is so broken @NBA2K
This game was so broken @NBA2K
This so so broken @NBA2K
@NBA2K_MyTEAM 2k do smt with your game coz we're all Frustrated
@ NBA2K _ MyTEAM 2k do smt with your game coz we're all frustrated
@ N2K _ MyTEAM 2k do swith your game coz we all Frustrated
@NBA2K_MyTEAM 2k do smt with your game coz Its all Frustrated
@NBA2K_MyTEAM 2k You do a smt with your damn game coz we're all Frustrated
@NBA2K_MyTEAM 2k But smt over your wife coz we're all Frustrated
NBA 2K is the dustiest sports game franchise in the universe. . . They are so trash bruh lmaooo bruh 2K used to be fun as hell back in the day. These niggas fucked the whole game up.
NBA 2K is the dustiest sports game franchise in the universe... They are so trash bruh lmaooo bruh 2K that it used to be hell fun. These Niggs messed up the whole game.
NBA 2K is the dudest sports franchise in the universe... They're so thrash bruh lmoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
NBA gaming is the oldest sports game franchise in the universe... They are talking trash bruh lmaooo … 2K used to sound fun as hell back in the day. These niggas fucked the whole game up.
NBA 2K is about the dustiest NBA sports game or franchise in the entire universe... They are kinda so cool trash bruh lmaooo bruh 2K used to be more fun as hell back in California the last day. These niggas fucked the other whole game up.
NBA 2K is the greatest post game franchise in the universe... They are so trash bruh lmaooo bruh 2K used to be fun like hell ago in the day. These niggas fucked this whole NBA already.
update the token market for fuck sake its already been 4 months @NBA2K_MyTEAM
It's been 4 months since the token market was updated @ NBA2K _ MyTEAM
update the token market for fuck for 4 months @ N2K _ MyTEAM
update the token market for fuck sake its still been 4 months @NBA2K_MyTEAM
News update And the token market for fuck sake its already been around 4 months @NBA2K_MyTEAM
update the token market for fuck sake got already been 6 months @NBA2K_MyTEAM
@NBA2K park is not work on xbox
@ NBA2K Park does not work on xbox
@ N2K-park does not work on xbox
@NBA2K park is still work on xbox
@NBA2K park is not work with on Apache xbox
@NBA2K park is not work from xbox
@NBA2K is a terrible game.
@ NBA2K is a terrible game.
@ N2K is a terrible game.
@NBA2K is a unique game.
@NBA2K is a terrible puzzle game.
@NBA2K played a terrible game.
It’s ridiculous and embarrassing how unplayable @NBA2K is when there’s any form of lag
It is ridiculous and embarrassing how unplayable @ NBA2K is if there is any form of delay
Funny and embarrassing how unreproducible @ N2K is when there is some form of play.
It’s confusing and embarrassing and unplayable @NBA2K is when there’s any form of lag
It means ’ It s ridiculous and embarrassing how unplayable @NBA2K is when sometimes there barely ’ s any form of lag
It’s ridiculous little embarrassing how unplayable @NBA2K is when without any form the lag
Fuck y’all. pic.twitter.com/15H2t2mgzJ
Fuck y'all. pic.twitter.com / 15H2t2mgzJ
Fuck y'all. pic.facebook.com / 15H2t2mgzJ
Fuck y’all. pic.twitter.com/15H2t2mgzJ
The Fuck y’all. pic.twitter.com/15H2t2mgzJ
to
These @NBA2K players a different breed of trash oml
This @ NBA2K player a different kind of garbage oml
These @ N2K players are a different breed of thrash oml
These @NBA2K players a different breed of black oml
These @NBA2K players a different breed name of industrial trash oml
that @NBA2K players represent different breed of trash oml
Dog I can’t get on 2K soundtrack?  That shit trash buckets @NBA2K
"Dog
Dog I can't get on 2K soundtrack? That shit trash buy @ N2K
Dog I can’t get over that soundtrack?  That shit trash buckets @NBA2K
Dog I do can ’ t get on 2K Radio soundtrack? Oh That shit here trash buckets @NBA2K
Dog I could get on good soundtrack? That shit trash buckets everyone
@NBA2K_MyTEAM please fix pack odds. They are horrible
@ NBA2K _ MyTEAM Please fix pack odds. They are terrible
"@ N2K _ MyTEAM
@NBA2K_MyTEAM please fix pack dogs. They are horrible
@NBA2K_MyTEAM and please just fix pack odds. They are horrible
@NBA2K_MyTEAM please fix pack<unk>. They are horrible
"Man MyTeam is stupid. Why do packs have such bad luck
"Man MyTeam is stupid. Why are packs so unlucky
"MyTeam Man is stupid. Why are the packs so bad
"Man MyTeam is stupid. Why do packs have such bad luck
"Man how MyTeam is stupid. Why do packs typically have such bad luck
"Man MyTeam is Dead. Why do packs have such bad value
Pretty good Morning opened 3 singles and got these. MY 4TH LEBRON WTF!!!!!.  
Pretty good morning opened 3 singles and got them. MY 4TH LEBRON WTF!!!!!.
Very good Morning opened 3 singles and got these. MY 4TH LEBRON WTF!!!!!.
Pretty good Morning opened 3 singles I got these. MY KING LEBRON WTF!!!!!.
Pretty good Morning opened to 3 music singles quickly and got these. YOU MY 4TH LEBRON IS WTF!!!!!.
Pretty good AND wrapped 3 presents and got these. MY 4TH LEBRON WTF!!!!!.
I’ve had this game for 5 days and I have YET to win a TTO Offline game. That’s ridiculous. Last year I won my first 20 or something in a day. What bs. @NBA2K_MyTEAM
I've been playing this game for 5 days and I have to win a TTO offline game NOW. That's ridiculous. Last year I won my first 20 or so in one day.
It's funny. Last year I won my first 20 or something in a day. @ N2K _ MyTEAM
I’ve had this game for 5 days and I already YET to win a TTO X game. That’s ridiculous. Last year my won my first 20 or even in a day. What bs. @NBA2K_MyTEAM
I ’ really ve just had this game for 5 days again and I have YET to just win a TTO for Offline game. That ’ s so ridiculous. Last year I literally won me my first 20 or something in about a day. What bs. @NBA2K_MyTEAM
I’ve had this girl for 5 days and we have YET to win 1 TTO my game. That’s amazing. Last year I won my first 20 or something times a day. My bs. @NBA2K_MyTEAM
@NBA2k every park I join is glitched
NBA2k every park I join is glitch
@ N2k every park I join slips
@NBA2k every park I join remains glitched
@NBA2k every amusement park attraction I join is glitched
@NBA2k car park I join is glitched
CONFESSION: I am embarrassed to say I have been fucking dogshit at all of the NBA2k games & it pisses me off that everyone else is good at it. . . In middle school I was fucking GREAT at NBA Live. Then 2k took over & I just can’t get a hold of it.. . Am I the only one that’s bad?
"CONFESSION: I'm embarrassed to say that I've been fucking dogshit at all NBA2k games & it annoys me that everyone else is good at it... In middle school I was fucking GREAT at NBA Live
CONFESSION: I am fessed to say I have been fucking dogshit at all of the NBA 2k games & it push me off that everyone else is good at it.... In middle school I was fucking GREAT at NBA Live. Then 2k took over & I just can't get a hold of it... Am I the only one that's bad?
CONFESSION: I am embarrassed to say I have been fucking dogshit at all at the NBA2k shows & it pisses me off that everyone else looks horrible at it... In middle school LeBron was fucking GREAT at NBA Live. Then 2k took over & I just can’t get one hold of it... Does he the only one that’s bad?
CONFESSION : I am somewhat embarrassed to openly say I have also been fucking dogshit shit at all six of the regular NBA2k games & it pisses me off that everyone else is good at it... In middle school I was fucking GREAT at NBA Arena Live. Then 2k I took over & I just can ’ at t get a hold of it... Am I the only one that ’ s that bad?
CONFESSION: I am sorry to say I have been a dogshit at none of the NBA2k games & it pisses me off that everybody else is good at it... In middle school I was fucking GREAT during NBA Live. Once 2k take over & I just can’t get a piece of it... Am I the fat person that’s bad?
"@Ronnie2K @NBA2K just wondering but why do you make my teammate AI in MyCareer suck at defense so much? Ninety percent of the time instead of actually trying to defend
"@ Ronnie2K @ NBA2K just wonders
"@ Ron2K @ N2K are just wondering
"@Ronnie2K @NBA2K just wondering … why do you make his teammate AI in MyCareer crap at defense so much? 99 percent of the time instead of actually trying to defend
"@Ronnie2K @NBA2K just wondering but why do why you make my teammate AI in MyCareer suck at defense so fucking much? Ninety six percent of at the time if instead of actually even trying to defend
"@Ronnie2K @NBA2K just wondering honestly why do you make my teams AI<unk> MyCareer suck at defense so badly? Ninety percent of a time instead of actually trying to defend
@NBA2K_MyTEAM fuck myteam
@ NBA2K _ MyTEAM fucking my team
@ N2K _ MyTEAM fuck myteam
@NBA2K_MyTEAM Team myteam
@NBA2K_MyTEAM fuck I myteam
@NBA2K_MyTEAM fuck of
"@NBA2K @Ronnie2K Not sure if I feel discriminated
"@ NBA2K @ Ronnie2K Not sure if I feel discriminated against
"@ N2K @ Ron2K Not sure I feel discriminated against
"@NBA2K @Ronnie2K Not sure if I feel stupid
"@NBA2K @Ronnie2K Not sure if I ever feel discriminated
"<unk><unk> Not sure if we feel discriminated
Fix y’all matchmaking @NBA2K @Beluba me and @livinglife_Ivo can’t find any games in the pro league !  
Fix y'all matchmaking @ NBA2K @ Beluba me and @ livinglife _ Ivo can't find matches in the professional league!
Fix y'all matchmaking @ N2K @ Beluba me and @ livinglife _ Ivo can't find any game in the pro league!
Fix y’all matchmaking @NBA2K @Beluba me and @livinglife_Ivo can’t find any games in his world tour!
Who Fix y ’ all matchmaking @NBA2K to @Beluba me he and @livinglife_Ivo can ’ get t find exactly any games lost in the pro league!
Fix y’all matchmaking @NBA2K shoot me you @Beluba can’t be any worse in the pro news!
Too bad I don’t play 2K no more :c
Too bad I don't play 2K anymore: c
It's a pity I don't play 2K anymore: c
Too bad I don’t have 2K no more :c
Too bad I don ’ t play for 2K no more :... c
Too bad please don’t play mine no more :c
This bothers me.  
That bothers me.
It worries me.
This bothers him.
This decision bothers me.
This tells me.
"@NBA2K fix your servers so bad
"@ NBA2K fix your server so bad
"@ N2K fix their servers so bad
"@NBA2K fix your CD so bad
"No @NBA2K could fix your servers so bad
"@NBA2K fix my servers pretty bad
Ion care about a mans upper lip sweat!!! I care about all them animations dudes be getting against me. 2k BE CHEATING! Fix the gameplay not the graphics. Tired of dudes shooting 12/12 from the 3 with their backflip animation . 
Ion take care of a man's upper lip sweat!!! I worry about all these animation guys getting against me. 2k CHEATING! Fix the gameplay not the graphics. Tired guys are shooting 12 / 12 from the 3 with their backflip animation.
"Ion take care of the upper lip sweat men!!! I take care of all of them the animations dudes will get against me. 2k MISPLACED! Fix the gameplay
Ion care about poor mans fat lip than I care about all them animations dudes be getting against me. 2k<unk> CHEATING! Fix the gameplay not the graphics. Tired about dudes shooting 12/12 from the 3 with their backflip animation.
Ion care about a mans upper lip sweat!!! I care about why all them animations dudes be a getting against with me. 2k BE CHEATING! Fix the gameplay not with the graphics. · Tired of their dudes shooting my 12 / 50 12 from at the top 3 with their backflip animation.
Ion its all a mans upper hand sweat!!! Now care about all them animations dudes be getting against me. 2k BE CHEATING! Fix the gameplay not the acting. Tired as dudes shooting 12/12 behind the front because their backflip animation.
Yo @NBA2K fuck your fake ass garbage ass game
Yo @ NBA2K fuck your fake ass garbage ass game
Yo @ N2K fuck your fake ass garbage ass game
Yo @NBA2K fuck cat fake ass garbage ass game
Yo @NBA2K fuck your great fake ass garbage ass for game
Yo @NBA2K fuck your<unk> ass my ass game
@NBA2K WHY AM I STILL NOT GETTING MY DAMN VC FROM DOING DAY CHALLENGES YALL OWE ME ABOUT 10k FROM DOING THEM SHITS
@ NBA2K WHY AM I NOT DO MY DAMAGE VC FROM DAY AVAILABLE EVERY OWE ME ABOUT 10K OF DO THEM SHITS
@ N2K WHY I DO NOT STATE MONEY WITH MY DAME CALLING MONEY I CALLING ON 10K MONEY CALLING THEIR WIDE CALLING MONEY
@NBA2K WHY AM I STILL NOT GETTING MY DAMN VC FROM THIS DAY CHALLENGES YALL OW ME ABOUT 10k FROM DOING THEM..
@NBA2K and WHY IN AM AS I STILL NOT A GETTING MY DAMN VC IS FROM DOING DAY OF CHALLENGES A YALL OWE ME OF ABOUT 10k M FROM DOING THEM OF SHITS
@NBA2K A BC I STILL BE GETTING MY DAMN VC and G DAY YOU ONLY OWE ME ABOUT 10k FROM DOING THEM SHITS
This is 100% fake. And is a fake Twitter @Ronnie2K @LD2K
This is 100% fake. And is a fake Twitter @ Ronnie2K @ LD2K
It's 100% fake. And it's fake Twitter @ Ronal2K @ LD2K
This is 100% fake. And using a fake Twitter @Ronnie2K @LD2K
This is 100 % fake. 1 And therefore is just a fake Twitter @Ronnie2K @LD2K
This is 100% fake. And is a genuine Twitter @Ronnie2K<unk>
Sick NBA2K GIVEAWAY! . . swee.ps/MSeTC_tqmDFH
Sick NBA2K GIVEAWAY!.. swee.ps / MSeTC _ tqmDFH
Sick HA2K DAYWAY!... swee.ps / MSeTC _ tqmH
Sick NBA2K Games!. mp swee.ps/MSeTC_tqmDFH
Sick people NBA2K AND GIVEAWAY!.. swee. see ps / with MSeTC _ html tqmDFH
my<unk> X!.. swee.ps/MSeTC_tqmDFH
I played  

I played
I b
And I played
I to
I hate @Ronnie2K more than I hate trump @NBA2K Get this bum ahh nicca outta here
I hate @ Ronnie2K more than I hate trump @ NBA2K Get that butt ahh nicca outta here
I hate @ Ron2K more than I hate the stunt @ N2K
I hate @Ronnie2K more than I hate trump @NBA2K Get thee fucking ahh nicca outta here
I really hate @Ronnie2K more desperately than I hate trump @NBA2K you Get this bad bum just ahh nicca outta here
I hate here more than I also trump @Ronnie2K Get some boring ahh nicca outta here
Your game sucks. @Ronnie2K @NBA2K  
Your game sucks. @ Ronnie2K @ NBA2K
Your game sucks. @ Ron2K @ N2K
Your game sucks. @Ronnie2K 3
Your football game today sucks. @Ronnie2K @NBA2K
Your game sucks. To @Ronnie2K
@NBA2K did you fucking retards use your brains when you made this game?? God I wish you all would cease to exist you useless worthless corporate shill scum bags
@ NBA2K did you damn retards use your brain when you made this game?? God I wish you all would cease to exist you useless worthless companies shill scum bags
"@ N2K did you fucking retards use your brains when you did this game??? God
@NBA2K did so f know use your brains when you made this game?? God I wish you all would cease to exist you useless worthless corporate shill scum bags
@NBA2K did all you fucking old retards use your brains properly when you made this game?? God I wish you all would cease to life exist again you fucking useless little worthless corporate shill scum bags
@NBA2K did you fucking retards fire your brains when you made this game?? God kinda wished you all would cease to become me little worthless corporate shill scum bags
Yo im not gettin no centers on my team wtf wrong w west servers never get w center only when im on east i get centers every game.. @NBA2K plz fix @Ronnie2K @LD2K @Beluba
Yo im not gettin no centers on my team wtf wrong w west servers never get w center only when im on east I get centers every game.. @ NBA2K plz fix @ Ronnie2K @ LD2K @ Beluba
Yo im not gettin no centers on my team wtf wtf west servers never get w center only when im on east i get centers every game.. @ N2K plz fix @ Ron2K @ LD2K @ Beluba
Yo im not gettin no centers on my team wtf wrong w y servers never get w center man when im on bench i get centers every game.. @NBA2K plz b @Ronnie2K @LD2K @Beluba
v Yo im not never gettin a no centers on my team wtf wrong w west I servers never get w s center teams only from when im on east i get centers once every game.. @NBA2K plz fix f @Ronnie2K def @LD2K @Beluba
there<unk> not gettin me miss on my team wtf wrong w west servers no get w south only when im on east i get Center every game.. @NBA2K plz fix out @Ronnie2K @LD2K
@NBA2K fuck u
@ NBA2K
@ N2K fuck u
@NBA2K u u
@NBA2K I fuck u
ever fuck u
@NBA2K_MyTEAM @NBA2K . . THIS GAMEPLAY IS BAD
@ NBA2K _ MyTEAM @ NBA2K.. THIS GAMEPLAY IS BAD
@ N2K _ MyTEAM @ N2K.
@NBA2K_MyTEAM @NBA2K.. THIS GAMEPLAY was BAD
... @NBA2K_MyTEAM to @NBA2K.. THIS GAMEPLAY It IS ONE BAD
this @NBA2K_MyTEAM.. THAT MO IS BAD
Hacked on Warzone. . . Hacked on NBA2k. . . Goodnight . 
Hacked on Warzone... Hacked on NBA2k... Goodnight.
Hacked on Warzone... Hacked on N2k... Goodnight.
"Hacked on Warzone. "". Hacked on NBA2k....""."
But Hacked away on Warzone... Hacked off on NBA2k... and Goodnight.
Hacked on Warzone... Work on that... What.
@NBA2K_MyTEAM  I’m so damn tired of Sapphire and emerald players nutmegging me and then greening the layups in TTO FIX YOUR GAME!!!
@ NBA2K _ MyTEAM I'm so damn tired of sapphire and emerald players mutilating me and then greeting the layups in TTO FIX YOUR GAME!!!
@ N2K _ MyTEAM I'm so damn tired of the sapphire and emerald players tormenting me and then greening the layouts in my game!!!
@NBA2K_MyTEAM  I’m so damn tired of Sapphire and emerald shit nutmegging me and then throwing the layups in TTO FIX THAT GAME!!!
@NBA2K_MyTEAM I be ’ and m so damn tired out of Sapphire and emerald roller players nutmegging me and then... greening the layups for in... TTO FIX YOUR GAME!!!
@NBA2K_MyTEAM gets pretty damn sick of Sapphire and emerald players nutmegging me and then posting their layups in TTO FIX YOUR GAME!!!
@NBA2K  nahhh these shot meters annoying
@ NBA2K nahhh those gunknives annoying
@ N2K xx these footage are annoying
@NBA2K <unk> these shot meters annoying
or @NBA2K and nahhh these shot meters annoying
@NBA2K nahhh these traffic meters annoying
@NBA2K this is how hard it is to beat the cpu on myteam 🤣 pic.twitter.com/rgN0x2PDfl
@ NBA2K so hard to beat the cpu on myteam pic.twitter.com / rgN0x2PDfl
@ N2K here's how hard it is to beat cpu on myteam pic.fm / rgN0x2PDfl
RhandlerR this is how hard it is to beat the cpu on myteam 🤣 pic.twitter.com/rgN0x2PDfl
and RhandlerR this is how hard it is to beat the cpu on myteam 🤣 pic.twitter.com/rgN0x2PDfl
would
Damn fall guys Alr dropping trailers before @NBA2K disappointing
Damn fall guys who let down trailers ahead of @ NBA2K
Damned boys Alr dumping trams in front of @ N2K is disappointing
Damn dat guys Alr dropping trailers before @NBA2K disappointing
A Damn fall guys like Alr dropping trailers before @NBA2K disappointing
Damn fall guys Alr to trailers before @NBA2K is
You really gotta spend like $200 on @NBA2K just to enjoy ya myplayer. That’s trash b.
You really have to spend like $200 on @ NBA2K just to enjoy my MyPlayer. That's garbage.
You really spend about $200 on @ N2K just to enjoy your miplayer.
You have gotta spend like $200 for @NBA2K just to enjoy ya myplayer. That’s trash b.
You really seriously gotta spend like $ 200 on @NBA2K just to make enjoy watching ya on myplayer. That one ’ s trash b.
You really gotta spend like $200 FOR @NBA2K IN to enjoy ya c. That’s trash b.
@Ronnie2K @NBA2K_MyTEAM Fix the orange accessory glitch in myteam cowards
@ Ronnie2K @ NBA2K _ MyTEAM Fix the orange accessory glitch in my team cowards
@ Ron2K @ N2K _ MyTEAM Fix the orange accessory at myteam awards
@Ronnie2K @NBA2K_MyTEAM Fix infamous orange accessory glitch in myteam cowards
A @Ronnie2K @NBA2K_MyTEAM Fix of the faint orange accessory glitch in myteam with cowards
@Ronnie2K @NBA2K_MyTEAM Fix the hair accessory glitch in you cowards
@NBA2K I brought $20 worth of vc it’s not showing and it’s saying I can’t buy anymore !
@ NBA2K I brought $20 worth of vc that it does not show and it says that I can no longer buy!
"@ N2K I brought a VC worth $20
@NBA2K I brought 15 worth of checks it’s not showing and it’s saying I can’t check anymore!
@NBA2K and I brought $ 20 worth of CDs vc it ’ the s not showing and it ’ s saying I just can never ’ t buy anymore!
@NBA2K I brought it worth I vc it’s not showing and it’s saying I must measure anymore!
@NBA2K $107 for a game and I can't even get into the rec get off Twitter and fix the gd problem. I paid to much money to have all these problems
@ NBA2K $107 for a game and I can't even get into the rec off twitter and fix the gd problem. I paid too much money to have all these problems
@ N2K $107 per game and I can't even get into the rec to get out of Twitter and fix the gd problem. I paid a lot of money to have all these problems.
@NBA2K $107 for this game and I can't even get into the rec go to Twitter and fix the gd problem. I paid to much money to have all these problems
@NBA2K $ 107 for a four game break and I can't even even get out into the final rec get off that Twitter and fix the gd 1 problem. I paid to have much money to have all these problems
@NBA2K $107 days a game and I can't ever get into the rec get off them and fix the gd problem. I spend to much money of have for these problems
@NBA2K @Ronnie2K HOW YA COMING???????? How i fix this bs ??? pic.twitter.com/j7j4jK5O2e
@ NBA2K @ Ronnie2K HOW YES COME???????? How do I fix these bs??? pic.twitter.com / j7j4jK5O2e
@ N2K @ Ron2K HOW YA COMING?????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
RhandlerR RhandlerR HOW YA COMING???????? How i fix this bs ??? pic.twitter.com/j7j4jK5O2e
and RhandlerR RhandlerR HOW YA COMING???????? How i fix this bs ??? pic.twitter.com/j7j4jK5O2e
<unk>
Smh

Smh
Smh
he Smh
Smh
@NBA2K stupid fuckinng game FIX IT
@ NBA2K stupid fucking game FIX IT
@ N2K stupid game FIX IT
@NBA2K TE fuckinng game FIX IT
Ryan @NBA2K THE stupid fuckinng game FIX IT
f stupid fuckinng game FIX IT
@2K 2k20 worst game ever missed layups missed open jumpers loosing the ball off somebody’s big toe spare me the extra sweat graphics @NBA2K  
"@ 2K 2k20 worst game ever to miss a layup
@ 2K 2K20 worst game ever missed because of missed open throws when the ball comes off someone's thumb saves me from extra sweat. @ 2K
@2K 2k20 worst game ever missed layups missed open jumpers loosing the ball off somebody’s side toe spare me the whole sweat graphics it
@2K 2k20 worst game is ever scored missed 20 layups missed open jumpers are loosing the ball off somebody ’ 3 s big toe they spare me get the extra sweat graphics @NBA2K
@2K my worst minutes ever locked layups missed open jumpers loosing the edge off somebody’s big boards spare me my extra sweat graphics @NBA2K
Soooo no token market update for the rest of the year @NBA2K_MyTEAM ?
Soooo no token market update for the rest of the year @ NBA2K _ MyTEAM?
Soooo no token market update for the rest of the year @ N2K _ MyTEAM?
Soooo o token market update for the rest of the year @NBA2K_MyTEAM?
Soooo no token market update for the rest course of the the academic year @NBA2K_MyTEAM?
Soooo that token market update and the rest of the year @NBA2K_MyTEAM?
@NBA2K what the fuck was yall thinkin when you created this shot meter . 
"@ NBA2K
@ N2K what a fuck was yall thinkin when you created this shot counter.
@NBA2K what the **** was yall thinkin when you created this shot meter.
@NBA2K what a the fuck what was yall thinkin when you created this shot blank meter.
And what the fuck<unk> yall thinkin when you used this shot meter.
This is so disrespectful @Ronnie2K @NBA2K @Beluba pic.twitter.com/NBx3kR8xD2
This is so disrespectful @ Ronnie2K @ NBA2K @ Beluba pic.twitter.com / NBx3kR8xD2
This is so disgusting @ Ron2K @ N2K @ Beluba pic.su / NBx3kR8xD2
This is so disrespectful RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR pic.twitter.com/NBx3kR8xD2
1 This is so disrespectful RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR pic.twitter.com/NBx3kR8xD2
may
@NBA @NHL @MLB @NFL . So on all video game covers have stated players of different races. @EASPORTS @acclaimmag . Thank you!. Only one has not! . @NBA2K is racist! .  
@ NBA @ NHL @ MLB @ NFL. So on all video game covers have stated players of different races. @ EASPORTS @ acclaimmag. Thank you!. Only one did not!. @ NBA2K is racist!.
@ NBA @ NHL @ MHL @ NFL. So all the covers of video games featured players of different races. @ EASPORTS @ acclaim.Thank you!. Only one is not!. @ NHL @ 2K is racist!.
@NBA @NHL @MLB @NFL. So on all video game covers have stated players for different races. @EASPORTS @acclaimmag. Thank you!. Normally one would not!. This is racist!.
@NBA 101 @NHL @MLB @NFL. And So those on all video game world covers have stated players of four different races. For @EASPORTS vs @acclaimmag. Thank you!. Only one publisher has said not!. @NBA2K is totally racist!.
@NBA @NHL @MLB @NFL. So on the video game characters are race players of different shades. @EASPORTS Race. Thank fucking!. Only one has been!. It is racist!.
same game smh 🤦. ‍.  @NBA2K  
Same game smh... @ NBA2K
Same game xx. @ N2K
same game again 🤦. ‍.  @NBA2K
same game has smh [UNK].. be @NBA2K
same is smh <unk>.. by
Cool trivia bro. Lagged the rest of the world out and have 1 winner.  
Cool trivia bro. Lags behind the rest of the world and has 1 winner.
Cool trivia bro. Tagged the rest of the world out and have 1 winner.
Cool trivia question. Lagged the rest of the world out and have 1 winner.
Cool trivia from bro. 50 Lagged the rest of around the world check out and have 1 winner.
Cool trivia bro. Lagged all rest of the world out and have 1 answer.
Madden 21 isn't a bad game 🤷. ‍. 🤷. ‍.  actually it's pretty good and they put care and time into their current gen game. unlike them stupid idiots @Beluba and @Ronnie2K at @NBA2K
Madden 21 is not a bad game.... actually it's pretty good and they put care and time into their current game. Unlike them stupid idiots @ Beluba and @ Ronnie2K under @ NBA2K
Madden 21 is not a bad game... actually it's pretty good and they put time and attention into their current game unlike them stupid idiots @ Beluba and @ Ronal2K on @ N2K
Madden 21 was a bad title though. Really. 🤷. ‍.  actually it's pretty good and they put care and time into their current gen game. Fuck them stupid idiots @Beluba and @Ronnie2K at @NBA2K
Madden Studio 21 isn't a bad game [UNK].. [UNK].. actually it'm s pretty crazy good and they should put considerable care especially and time into their fairly current eight gen game. And unlike them stupid city idiots @Beluba and @Ronnie2K at @NBA2K
<unk> franchise isn't a bad concept <unk>.. <unk>.. actually it's absolutely hilarious and they put care amazing time into their first gen thing. unlike them stupid idiots @Beluba and @Ronnie2K at @NBA2K
@NBA2K have you ever watched a game of basketball in your life. how can you make a game this fucking bad
@ NBA2K Have you ever seen a basketball game in your life? How can you make a game so damn bad?
@ N2K have you ever watched a basketball game in your life. how can you make the game so damn bad?
@NBA2K have you ever watched a game of basketball in whole life. how dare you make a game this fucking bad
Dave @NBA2K have you ever seriously watched a game full of basketball in your life. how can you not make from a game this fucking bad
@NBA2K have you fucking watched any game of basketball my your life. how can you make a game this fucking bad
@NBA2K the shooting suck
@ NBA2K the shootout suck
@ N2K shooting suck
@NBA2K<unk> shooting suck
@NBA2K the entire shooting suck
does the shooting suck
Fuck allat. Just put TV-MA warning and keep the mics hot . 
Fuck allat. Just put the warning TV-MA and keep the microphones hot.
Fuck allat. Just place a TV-MA warning and keep the situation under control.
Fuck allat. Just put H-MA warning and keep the mics hot.
Fuck me allat. Just put TV - MA with warning in and keep the mics hot.
Fuck Out. Just talk TV-MA off and keep the mics hot.
@NBA2K yooooo why y’all keep lagging me out in rec... this downright disrespectful . 
@ NBA2K yooooo why y'all keep me in rec out... this downright disrespectful.
@ N2K yoooooooo why are you pushing me all the time into the real world... it's sheer disgust.
@NBA2K yooooo... y’all keep lagging me out in finding this downright disrespectful.
@NBA2K yooooo why serious y will ’ all keep randomly lagging me out in the rec... make this be downright disrespectful.
@NBA2K yooooo why y’all keep lagging my out to rec... Your so disrespectful.
"@NBA2K ima need y’all to stop hating and disconnecting me from y’all servers when I get my 99 overall. Getting tired of it
@ NBA2K ima need y'all to stop hating and disconnecting me from y'all servers when I get my 99 overall.
"@ N2K ima need y'all to stop hating and disconnecting me from y'all servers when I get my 99 overall. Getting tired of it
"@NBA2K ima begs y’all to stop harassing and disconnecting me off server servers when I get my 99 overall. Getting tired of it
"Yeah @NBA2K ima we need y ’ are all to stop hating and are disconnecting me from y ’ want all servers when I say get my 99 overall. Getting so tired of all it
"@NBA2K ima need y’all to stop crashing and getting files off y’all servers when I get my 99 overall. Getting tired of it
RT Where'd he Go? GOAT Larry Bird  
RT Where would he go? GOAT Larry Bird
Where would he go?
RT Where'd he Go? GOAT Larry....
RT Where'd Down he Go? 11 GOAT Larry Bird
RT What'd he Go? GOAT Larry Bird
I just witnessed John Stockton do a 2 handed 180 tomahawk reverse slam on a fast break in a MyTeam game...all because he got a “Takeover Badge”.  This game done turn real life basketball into complete nonsense..this game feels like something I play in Cicis Pizza🤦‍.  @NBA2K_MyTEAM
I just saw John Stockton do a two-handed 180 Tomahawk reverse slam with a fast break in a MyTeam game... and all because he got a takeover badge. This game turned real basketball into complete nonsense... this game feels like something I play in Cici's pizza. @ NBA2K _ MyTEAM
"I just witnessed John Stockton hit a two-handed tomahawk on a fast break in a MyTeam game... all because he got the ""Takeover Sign."""
I<unk> witnessed John Stockton do a 2 handed 180 tomahawk reverse slam on a fast break in a MyTeam Only because he wears a “Takeover Badge”.  This game done turn real life basketball into complete nonsense..this game plays about something I play after Pizza Pizza🤦‍.  @NBA2K_MyTEAM
I just witnessed John Stockton do a full 2 handed or 180 tomahawk reverse slam on a straight fast break and in a huge MyTeam game... all because he got a 2 “ Takeover Badge ”. This game done helped turn this real life basketball into complete nonsense.. this new game feels precisely like something I play in Cicis [UNK]. @NBA2K_MyTEAM
who just witnessed John Wall do another 2 handed big tomahawk reverse slam on the fast break in a Nuggets jersey...all because he got a Golden Badge”. This having done turn real life basketball into complete nonsense..this game feels like something I was in Cicis Pizza<unk>. @NBA2K_MyTEAM
Wow @NBA2K y’all gotta do something about this
Wow @ NBA2K y'all need to do something about it
Wow @ N2K y'all gdo something about this
Wow @NBA2K y’all gotta do something like this
Wow @NBA2K... y ’ we all gotta do something about this
Wow @NBA2K y’all time do somewhere about this
@NBA2K here’s another one that’s ruining your game pic.twitter.com/pSdtZFZLIV
@ NBA2K here's another one that ruined your game pic.twitter.com / pSdtZFZLIV
@ N2K Here's another one that spoils your game pic.wikipedia.org / pSZFZLIV
RhandlerR here’s another one that’s ruining your game pic.twitter.com/pSdtZFZLIV
The RhandlerR here’s another one that’s ruining your game pic.twitter.com/pSdtZFZLIV
who
@NBA2K why did y’all do this big head bullshit for the whole day . 
"@ NBA2K
@ N2K why did you do this big headdress all day.
@NBA2K why did y’all do this talking head bullshit for the whole day.
@NBA2K why and did y even ’ all do this big head bullshit for the entire whole day.
mean why did y’all say this big head bullshit during the whole day.
@NBA2K why can’t I feel my vibration or see who I’m guarding when all settings are on ? Please fix quickly
@ NBA2K Why can't I feel my vibration or see who I am watching when all settings are enabled? Please fix quickly
@ N2K Why can't I feel my vibration or see who I'm guarding when all the installations are on?
@NBA2K why can’t I feel my vibration or see that I’m guarding unless all settings are on? Please fix quickly
@NBA2K why can ’ them t she I simply feel my vibration or see who I ’ m guarding somewhere when all settings are on? Please fix everything quickly
@NBA2K Question can’t I feel my vibration or see who I’m guarding when all voices are muted? Please fix your
Wana know another wishlist @NBA2K @Beluba. Stop making pf and centers be able to iso like a guard. Thats dumb. Makes no sense whatsoever. No reason a pf or C should be able to do even half ejat a guard can do
Wana knows another wish list @ NBA2K @ Beluba. Stop letting pf and center do iso like a guard. That's stupid. Makes no sense at all. No reason why a pf or c should be able to do even half of ejat that a guard can do.
There is no reason why a guard should be able to do even half of an ejat.
Wana know another example @NBA2K @Beluba. Stop making pf and c be able to iso like a guard. Thats dumb. Make no sense whatsoever. No reason a pf or C should be able you do even half ejat a CP can do
Wana know another wishlist for @NBA2K to @Beluba. 0 Stop making pf and centers be able only to iso like a guard. One Thats dumb. Makes that no sense whatsoever. 2 No reason a pf s or C should still be able to do even his half ejat a guard can do
<unk> know another wishlist @NBA2K is. Stop making pf like centers be used to blow stuff a guard. Thats dumb. Makes no sense to. No reason if pf or C will be able to do even half ejat a guard can do
@NBA2K yall got yannis dick in yall mouth or some ????
@ NBA2K yall got yannis dick in yall mouth or some????
@ N2K yall got yannis in yall mouth or some????
@NBA2K yall got yannis apple in yall mouth or some????
A @NBA2K yall got yannis some dick in yall mouth already or anything some????
that yall suck yannis dick in yall mouth<unk> some????
"@Ronnie2K @NBA2K it's the 3rd day playing 2k and I'm still missing my 100k vc what's up with that
"@ Ronnie2K @ NBA2K It's the 3rd day 2k is played and I still miss my 100k vc
"@ Ron2K @ N2K is in its third day playing 2k and I still miss my 100k vc
"@Ronnie2K @NBA2K it's the 3rd day playing 2k and I'm still within nearly 100k vc what's up with me
"4 @Ronnie2K @NBA2K it's the 3rd day playing 2k again and I'm a still missing my 100k at vc what's up with just that
"@Ronnie2K @NBA2K it's the second day playing 2k online I'm still missing my 100k vc what's good with mine
@NBA2K shitty ass fucking update made this game more ass than what it already was
@ NBA2K crappy ass fucking update made this game more ass than what it already was
@ N2K shitty ass fucking update made this game more ass than what it already was
@NBA2K shitty ass fucking update made this game more useless than what it already was
@NBA2K shitty fucking ass fucking update made this game more ass than what once it has already was
@NBA2K shitty ass fucking update update this shit more ass than nothing it already was
 
It is not the first time that the EU Commission has taken such a step.
"At the same time



@2KSupport I been emailing this guy for nba 2k 19 he his no help all my players got deleted pic.twitter.com/IZCv36m6XB
"@ 2KSupport I've emailed this guy for nba 2k 19 his no help
@ 2KSupport I was email this guy for nba 2k 19 he he he no help all my players got deleted pic.facebook.com / IZCv36m6XB
RhandlerR I been emailing this guy for nba 2k 19 he his no help all my players got deleted pic.twitter.com/IZCv36m6XB
2 RhandlerR I been emailing this guy for nba 2k 19 he his no help all my players got deleted pic.twitter.com/IZCv36m6XB
and
@NBA2K no games are starting in the park‼.  wtf
@ NBA2K will not start any games in the park. wtf
@ N2K games don't start in the park.
@NBA2K no games 1 starting in the park‼.  wtf
@NBA2K no games play are started starting in the park from [UNK]. wtf
@NBA2K no games are starting in user database. wtf
Fix guarding the corner please @NBA2K I literally have to off ball guard them or they will get open everytime
Fix please guard the corner @ NBA2K I literally have to shield them from the ball or they will open every time
Eliminate the corner please @ N2K I literally have to take the ball away from them otherwise they will open up every time
Fix guarding my corner please @NBA2K I literally have to off ball guard them or they will get open haha
Fix guarding down the corner please @NBA2K I literally have books to off ball the guard turn them on or they will get open everytime
Fix guarding the corner please @NBA2K will literally have to off ball guard corners or they will get open a
"@2KSupport @NBA2K My boy who's new to the game and RELIES ON ME to teach him how to play was banned. After creating a ticket to figure out why
"@ 2KSupport @ NBA2K My boy
"@ 2KSupport @ N2K My boy who just came into the game and wants to teach me how to play was banned. Having created a ticket to find out why
"@2KSupport @NBA2K My boy who's new to the game and RELIES ON ME to teach him how to play was naughty. When creating a ticket to figure out why
"@2KSupport Now @NBA2K My small boy who's new experience to all the game and RELIES ON ME to teach him both how to play was banned. After creating a ticket to figure out why
"@2KSupport @NBA2K My boy who's new to the game and RELIES ON ME to teach him NOT to play was banned. Through getting 1 ticket to figure out why
Aye why @NBA2K_MyTEAM give @mikal_bridges this FYE ASS CARD.  this nigga nice as hell
Aye why @ NBA2K _ MyTEAM give @ mikal _ bridges this FYE ASS CARD. this nigga nice as hell
Oh why @ N2K _ MyTEAM are giving @ mix _ bridges this year.
Aye ya @NBA2K_MyTEAM give @mikal_bridges this FYE ASS<unk>.  this nigga nice as hell
... Aye why need @NBA2K_MyTEAM give @mikal_bridges up this heart FYE ASS ON CARD. this nigga nice as hell
Aye why @NBA2K_MyTEAM got everyone this naughty ASS car. this nigga nice as hell
@Ronnie2K where is all my Mamba Edition extras? I’m been literally playing a standard edition game without any of the things I paid for and support stopped responding back! I paid for all of those things! @NBA2K @2K
"@ Ronnie2K
@ Ron2K where are all my Mamba Fábregas? I literally play a standard game without any of the things I paid for and the support stopped responding! I paid for all of these things! @ N2K @ 2K
@Ronnie2K where is all the Mamba Edition extras? I’m been missing playing a standard edition session without any of the things I paid in and support stopped responding back! I paid for all of those things! @NBA2K UPDATE
@Ronnie2K where is all my Platinum Mamba Edition extras? No I ’ m now been thinking literally playing a little standard edition game all without any of the things I paid myself for and support stopped me responding back! I paid you for all of their those things! @NBA2K @2K
@Ronnie2K where is all my Mamba Marathon extras? I’m been literally playing any random FIFA game without any of the things I requested for even support stopped responding back! I paid for one of their things! @NBA2K @2K
4 cards in 6 days... still no city jerseys @NBA2K_MyTEAM pic.twitter.com/ANTgrNDa0B
4 tickets in 6 days... still no City jerseys @ NBA2K _ MyTEAM pic.twitter.com / ANTgrNDa0B
4 maps in 6 days... still no city T-shirts @ N2K _ MyTEAM pic.wikipedia.org / ANTgrNDa0B
4 cards in 6 days... still no city jerseys RhandlerR pic.twitter.com/ANTgrNDa0B
J 4 cards in 6 days... still no city jerseys RhandlerR pic.twitter.com/ANTgrNDa0B
how
Sorry @NBA2K I had a rough MyTeam game. I’ve cooled off now. Keeping the tweet up cuz u guys still kinda suck.
Sorry @ NBA2K I had a rough MyTeam game. I've cooled down now.
Sorry @ N2K I had a rough MyTeam game. I've cooled off now. Keeping the twitter up cuz u guys still kinda suck.
Sorry @NBA2K I had a damn MyTeam game. I’ve cooled off quick. Keeping the tweet up cuz u d still kinda suck.
17 Sorry @NBA2K but I had made a seriously rough MyTeam game. I ’ u ve cooled off now. Keeping the tweet is up cuz u guys still kinda does suck.
Sorry @NBA2K I had a rough activation period. I’ve cooled off since. Keeping the tweet<unk> cuz u guys really kinda suck.
@Ronnie2K @NBA2K i need a refund ASAP Fuck y’all think this is
@ Ronnie2K @ NBA2K I need a refund ASAP fuck y'all think this is
@ Ron2K @ N2K I need the return of ASAP Fuck y'all think this is
@Ronnie2K @NBA2K i need a refund ASAP Fuck y’all think its is
@Ronnie2K @NBA2K i need on a refund off ASAP Fuck y know ’ all think why this is
4 @Ronnie2K i need a hat ASAP Fuck y’all badly this is
Smh nba 2k pic.twitter.com/bQVCGeOB6E
Smh nba 2k pic.twitter.com / bQVCGeOB6E
Smh nba 2k pic.facebook.com / bQVCGeOB6E
Smh nba 2k pic.twitter.com/bQVCGeOB6E
Radio Smh nba 2k pic.twitter.com/bQVCGeOB6E
like
"Obviously my dudes are much better in VR than in reality. Dang. Forget a championship
"Obviously my guys are much better in VR than in reality. Insanity. Forget a championship
"Forget the Championship
"Obviously my dudes are much better in VR than in reality. Fantastic. Forget a championship
"Obviously not my two dudes are looking much better in VR than in reality. Like Dang. Forget a championship
"Obviously my dudes are much smarter in VR than in reality.<unk>. Forget a championship
@NBA2K_MyTEAM @NBA2K_MyTEAM @NBA2K theathletic.com/1803887/2020/0… @TwoBrosGaming make Shawn Marion better on Nba2k20!!! You guys also disrespect him too!!!!
@ NBA2K _ MyTEAM @ NBA2K _ MyTEAM @ NBA2K theathletic.com / 1803887 / 2020 / 0... @ TwoBrosGaming make Shawn Marion better on Nba2k20!!! You didn't respect him either!!!!
@ N2K _ MyTEAM @ N2K _ MyTEAM @ N2K theatletic.com / 1803887 / 2020 / 0... @ TwoBrosGaming make Sean better on Nba2k20!!! You guys also don't respect him!!!!
@NBA2K_MyTEAM @NBA2K_MyTEAM @NBA2K theathletic.com/1803887/2020/0… @TwoBrosGaming make every Marion better on ESPN You will also disrespect them too!!!!
Contact @NBA2K_MyTEAM Google @NBA2K_MyTEAM @NBA2K theathletic. About com / 06 1803887 / 13 2020 / 0 … @TwoBrosGaming make this Shawn O Marion sound better on reading Nba2k20!!! You crazy guys also disrespect him too!!!!
@NBA2K_MyTEAM @NBA2K_MyTEAM @NBA2K at.com/1803887/2020/0... I make him be better on Nba2k20!!! You guys can cut him after
Trash
Garbage
Thrush
Trash
Black Trash
in
damn.. i dont think its worth the grind
damn.. I don't think it's worth the grind
damn.. i dont think its worth the grind
damn.. i dont think its worth the risk
damn.. man i dont think its all worth the grind
damn.. i dont think its worth fucking grind
@NBA2K_MyTEAM @ItsShake4ndbake @oThasideLando @therealB_RICH23 @BoopBoop201 @NBA2K .  ITS A  DAMN SHAME WE CANT EVEN PLAY A VIDEO GAME .  pic.twitter.com/Ld2weLqN8w
@ NBA2K _ MyTEAM @ ItsShake4ndbake @ oThasideLando @ therealB _ RICH23 @ BoopBoop201 @ NBA2K. HIS DAMN SHAME WE CAN GAME A VIDEO GAME. pic.twitter.com / Ld2weLqN8w
@ N2K _ MyTEAM @ ItsShake4ndbake @ oThasideLando @ therealB _ RICH23 @ BoopBoop201 @ N2K.
RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR .  ITS A  DAMN SHAME WE CANT EVEN PLAY A VIDEO GAME .  pic.twitter.com/Ld2weLqN8w
and RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR .  ITS A  DAMN SHAME WE CANT EVEN PLAY A VIDEO GAME .  pic.twitter.com/Ld2weLqN8w
up
You don’t play the game wth
You don't play the game.
You don't play the game.
You don’t play the card wth
You don I ’ t play the game wth
You could play the game wth
bro what? .  lmaooo ima be mad as hell
bro what?. lmaooo ima be crazy as hell
bro what?. lmaooo ima be mad as hell
bro what? g  lmaooo ima be mad as hell
And bro what?. lmaooo may ima be been mad as hell
bro what?. lmaooo ima be mad da mad
@NBA2K this is not acceptable pic.twitter.com/CI0GzfA6XV
@ NBA2K This is unacceptable pic.twitter.com / CI0GzfA6XV
@ N2K this is unacceptable pic.wikipedia.org / CI0GzfA6XV
RhandlerR this is not acceptable pic.twitter.com/CI0GzfA6XV
com RhandlerR this is not acceptable pic.twitter.com/CI0GzfA6XV
is
Nba tried to hurry and delete this because it looks like booker is fucking his dog pic.twitter.com/fD3yUKYaHt
Nba tried to hurry up and delete this because it looks like the Booker is fucking his dog pic.twitter.com / fD3yUKYaHt
Nba tried to hurry up and remove it because it looks like the bookmaker is fucking his dog pic.fD3yUKYaHt
Nba tried to hurry and delete this because it looks like booker is fucking his dog pic.twitter.com/fD3yUKYaHt
and Nba tried to hurry and delete this because it looks like booker is fucking his dog pic.twitter.com/fD3yUKYaHt
it
"NO ONE CARES ABT MYTEAM
"NO TREATMENT ABOUT MYTEAM
"NOTHING COMES MITEAM
"NO ONE CARES ABT<unk>
"NO ONE I CARES ABT AS MYTEAM
"NOT ONE AT WHAT MYTEAM
I was about to win treasure hunters but the whole park was lagged out. I come back and my progress is gone. I went into a new park and I had to find the map again. I finished my final game and got the rep but no rewards. Please fix this @Beluba @NBA2K @Ronnie2K https://t.co/AJK7Hstxvv
"I was about to win treasure hunters
"I was about to win
I was about to win treasure hunters but the whole park was lagged up. I come back and my progress is gone. I moved over a new park and I had to find the key again. I finished my play game and got the rep but no prize. Please fix this @Beluba @NBA2K @Ronnie2K https://t.co/AJK7Hstxvv]
I was about to again win treasure by hunters but the fucking whole park was lagged out. I come back and my progress is gone. But I even went into buying a new park and I had to even find the map again. I finished my next final game check and got the rep but no rewards. Please fix on this @Beluba @NBA2K @Ronnie2K https://t.co/AJK7Hstxvv ]
I was able to win treasure hunters but because whole park was lagged out. Now went back around my progress is gone. I went into a new park and I managed to find the map again. I finished my final game having lost the rep but no more. Please fix this [ @Beluba @NBA2K https://t.co/AJK7Hstxvv]
@Ronnie2K @NBA2K your game is trash. Fix it.
@ Ronnie2K @ NBA2K Your game is garbage. Fix it.
@ Ron2K @ N2K your thrash game.
@Ronnie2K @NBA2K your game is dirty. Fix it.
Not @Ronnie2K Or @NBA2K Because your game is trash. Fix it.
<unk> @Ronnie2K your game for trash. Fix it.
Wow @NBA2K wtf why is the Park & Rec lagging??????? Spend way too much money on a game that doesn't do what it supposed to do!!!!!.   
"Wow @ NBA2K wtf
Wow @ N2K wtf why Park & Rec?????? Spend too much money on a game that doesn't do what it's supposed to do!!!!.
Wow.... wtf why is the Park & Rec Administration Spend way too much money on a game that doesn't do what it supposed should do!!!!!.
and Wow @NBA2K wtf Now why not is the Park & Shop Rec lagging??????? Spend himself way too much money working on... a poker game that doesn't do what even it supposed needs to do!!!!!.
Wow @NBA2K wtf why is Competitive Training & Recreation lagging??????? Spend way too much money on a game that doesn't do what players pretend to<unk>!!!!!.
@2KSupport @NBA2K_MyTEAM my whole lineup is missing from my collection my spotlight sim rewards are missing and the auction house isn’t working what’s up with that? pic.twitter.com/72gnl6XXUO
"@ 2KSupport @ NBA2K _ MyTEAM My entire lineup is missing from my collection
"@ 2KSupport @ N2K _ MyTEAM My entire line-up is missing from my collection
RhandlerR RhandlerR my whole lineup is missing from my collection my spotlight sim rewards are missing and the auction house isn’t working what’s up with that? pic.twitter.com/72gnl6XXUO
T RhandlerR RhandlerR my whole lineup is missing from my collection my spotlight sim rewards are missing and the auction house isn’t working what’s up with that? pic.twitter.com/72gnl6XXUO
and
@NBA2K delete ur shit game it is so bad that I’m becoming gay I swear to god if you don’t fix this I will butt rape Ronnie 2k you gay ass faggots
@ NBA2K Delete ur shit game it's so bad I'm going to be gay I swear to God if you don't fix that I'm going to rape Ronnie 2k you gay ass faggots
@ N2K delete ur shit game it is so bad that I'm becoming gay I swear to god if you don't fix this I will butt rapid Ronnie 2k you gay ass faggots
@NBA2K delete ur shit game it is so bad that I’m becoming gay and swear ti god if you don’t watch this I can butt rape Ronnie 2k you gay ass faggots
@NBA2K can delete ur shit game it is so bad that is I I ’ m becoming gay I just swear to god... if you don ’ t even fix this man I will butt the rape Ronnie 2k you baby gay ass faggots
@NBA2K delete ur shit in it looks so bad and I’m becoming gay I swear to god if you don’t delete this I will butt rape in 2k for gay ass faggots
@NBA2K @Ronnie2K @Beluba why are y’all so bitch made. Because you get feedback of shooting badly when they don’t have badges and a 60 three so don’t change the shooting I just played sum guy who went 7 for 7 from 3 if your gonna listen to the community and a ranked and unranked.
"@ NBA2K @ Ronnie2K @ Beluba why are everyone so slut made. Because you get feedback from shooting bad when they have no badges and a 60 threes
"@ N2K @ Ron2K @ Beluba why are you so bitches. Because you're afraid to shoot bad when they don't have badges and 60 triples
@NBA2K @Ronnie2K @Beluba why are y’all no bitch made. Because you get feedback of fuck someone when they don’t have badges and a clean three so don’t change the shooting I just played e guy who went 7 for 7 from 3 if your gonna listen to tha community and a ranked and stuff.
R @NBA2K @Ronnie2K @Beluba why are y ’ all so bitch made. Because you get feedback of this shooting badly when like they you don ’ t have badges and a 60 three and so don ’ t I change the shooting I just played lump sum guy from who went 7 for 7 from 3 if your boy gonna listen to the community and got a ranked and unranked.
an @NBA2K So why are y’all so bitch made. Because we get kind of shooting badly cause we don’t like guidelines like a 60 three so don’t change the shooting I just played sum guy who went 7 for 7 from 3 if your gonna listen to the community and a zero and unranked.
Imagine. This is a disgrace @Beluba @Ronnie2k @Nba2k. . store.playstation.com/ 
Imagine. That's a shame @ Beluba @ Ronnie2k @ Nba2k.. store.playstation.com /
"Imagine
Imagine. This is a disgrace @Beluba @Ronnie2k @Nba2k.<unk> go.playstation.com/
© Imagine. html This is what a great disgrace @Beluba The @Ronnie2k @Nba2k.. store. com playstation. com /
Imagine. How is awful disgrace of @Beluba @Ronnie2k.. at.playstation.com/
Yall acting like the recent nba 2k games been fire. They been trash for some years now. 2k are not that great.
Yall behaves like the last nba 2k games fire. They have been garbage for some years. 2k are not so great.
Yall acting like the recent nba 2k games was fire. They were trash for some years now. 2k are not that great.
Yall acting like the recent nba 2k games been fire. They been trash for some bit now. 2k was not that great.
Yall acting like the two recent nba 2k games been fire. They use been trash for some years by now. 2k are really not that just great.
Yall acting like the online nba 2k games been fire. They was coming for some years now. 2k players not that great.
Shoutout to @NBA2K for the blackout yesterday. The one time I gladly got off the game.  
Shout out to @ NBA2K for the blackout yesterday.
Shout out to @ N2K for blackout yesterday.
Shoutout to myself during the blackout yesterday. The one time I gladly got off the game.
Nine Shoutout to @NBA2K for the blackout just yesterday. The one time yesterday I gladly got off of the game.
<unk> to @NBA2K for our blackout yesterday. The one time I gladly got off one game.
Someone needs to be held accountable for these atrocities in this thread @NBA2K @LD2K @Ronnie2K @Beluba
Someone needs to be held accountable for these atrocities in this thread @ NBA2K @ LD2K @ Ronnie2K @ Beluba
Someone needs to be held accountable for these atrocities in this trio @ N2K @ LD2K @ Ron2K @ Beluba
Someone needs ot be held accountable for these atrocities during this thread @NBA2K @LD2K @Ronnie2K @Beluba
But Someone responsible needs to be held accountable for making these atrocities identified in this thread @NBA2K @LD2K @Ronnie2K A @Beluba
Someone needs to be held accountable for these atrocities Visit this thread admin @NBA2K Comment E
"Congratulations @NBA2K. Some how
Congratulations @ NBA2K. Some of how you manage to make the game worse EVERY YEAR!! 21 IS TRASH.
Congratulations @ N2K. Somehow you manage to make the game worse EVER!!!
"Congratulations @NBA2K. Some how
"Congratulations @NBA2K. As Some how
"Congratulations @NBA2K. Some how
@2KSupport @NBA2K I purchased the nba 2k21 mamba forever edition on current gen and haven’t gotten my vc or dlc content that comes with it I have filed a ticket and a day or so has passed and I still haven’t got a response this is my ticket number  
"@ 2KSupport @ NBA2K I bought the nba 2k21 Mamba forever edition on current gene and didn't get my VC or dlc content that comes with it
"@ 2KSupport @ N2K I bought the nba 2k21 mamba forever edition on the current gen and didn't get my VC or the content that goes with it I submitted a ticket and the day or so has passed and I still haven't received an answer
@2KSupport @NBA2K I purchased the nba 2k21 w forever edition on first gen and haven’t gotten my vc or dlc content that comes with it I have filed a ticket and a day or more has passed and I still wont done a deal this is my ticket number
@2KSupport @NBA2K I purchased the following nba 2k21 mamba or forever edition on current gen and haven ’ t successfully gotten back my vc in or dlc content that comes with it I would have filed a ticket and a brief day when or so he has passed and if I still haven ’ t got a response this is my ticket number
@2KSupport @NBA2K I bought the nba da mamba forever edition on current gen and haven’t gotten my vc or dlc content that come with it I have waited for ticket and a day or longer has been and I still haven’t obtained my response as is my ticket number
"If Luka ain't on the cover and Zion is
"If Luka isn't on the cover and Zion isn't
"If Luka ain't on the cover and Zion is
"If this ain't on his cover and Sony is
"19 If Luka ain'ta t on the cover and what Zion is
"fact Luka ain't on the cover and Zion sucked
@NBA2K fix your broken shit pic.twitter.com/JvsGe2KPq5
@ NBA2K fix your broken shit pic.twitter.com / JvsGe2KPq5
@ N2K Fix Broken Shit pic.wikipedia.org / JvsGe2KPq5
RhandlerR fix your broken shit pic.twitter.com/JvsGe2KPq5
org RhandlerR fix your broken shit pic.twitter.com/JvsGe2KPq5
are
i REALLY hate this
I REALLY hate it
i REALLY hate this
i REALLY hate them
i I REALLY hate this
i REALLY miss this
I don’t fuck with nba2k but definitely coping the Kobe edition to never open and play.
"I don't shit with nba2k
I don't fuck with nba2k but definitely copying the Kobe edition to never open and play.
I don’t fuck with nba2k but definitely coping the Kobe edition I never open or play.
I definitely don ’ t fuck with nba2k anything but definitely am coping the Kobe second edition to never open and play.
personally don’t fuck with nba2k but definitely coping the Kobe edition to its pay and play.
@NBA2K @Ronnie2K I’m not spending another dime on your garbage game until you turn momentum off. Every single game there is always a 12-1 or 13-2 run by the CPU  
@ NBA2K @ Ronnie2K I won't spend a penny on your garbage game until you turn off the swing. Every single game is always 12-1 or 13-2 executed by the CPU.
@ N2K @ Ron2K I don't spend a penny on your wardrobe game until you turn off the pulse. Every game out there is always 12-1 or 13-2 CPU-driven.
@NBA2K @Ronnie2K = not spending another dime on your garbage game until you lay momentum off. Every single game there<unk> always a 12-1 or 13-2 run by the Redskins
A @NBA2K @Ronnie2K and I ’ m not spending another dime on using your garbage game again until you turn momentum off. Player Every other single game but there is always a short 12 - 1 or 13 - 2 run by the CPU
@NBA2K @Ronnie2K I’m basically spending another dime on your garbage game until you let momentum off. Every single game that goes always a two-1 x 13-2 run by the CPU
Fuck 2K and your pay to win ass fucking shit game I’ve paid 0$ and that’s how many games I’ve also won on this dumb ass TTO for “Free” Opals it’s not fucking free if I’m getting 400 MT on a ball drop your game is fucking stupid @NBA2K_MyTEAM
"Fuck 2K and your pay to win ass fucking shit game I've paid 0 $and that's as many games I've also won on this stupid ass TTO for ""Free"" Opals it's not fucking free if I'm getting 400 MT on a ball drop your game is fucking stupid @ NBA2K _ MyTEAM"
"Fuck 2K and your pay to win ass fucking shit game I've paid 0 $and that's how many games I've also won on this thumb ass... O for ""Free"" Opals it's not fucking free if I'm getting 400 MT on a ball drop your game is fucking stupid @ N2K _ MyTEAM"
Fuck You and your pay to win ass fucking card game I’ve paid 0$ and that’s how many games I’ve also won on this dumb shit TTO for “Free” Opals it’s god goddamn free if I’m getting 5 MT on a ball drop your game is fucking stupid dick
Fuck 2K and your pay to win your ass fucking shit game I think ’ ve paid 0 $ and that shit ’ s how many games I ’ ve also actually won on this dumb ass farm TTO for “ Free in ” Opals Damn it it ’ s not fucking fucking free if I ’ m getting 400 MT on a ball drop your game is fucking a stupid @NBA2K_MyTEAM
Fuck 2K free your go to win ass idiot shit game I’ve paid 0$ and that’s how many times I’ve NOT won with this dumb ass TTO for “Free” like it’s not actually free if I’m over 400 MT on a ball drop your game is fucking stupid not
"@NBA2K u actually gonna fix the vc glitches next year
"@ NBA2K u will actually fix the VC glitches next year
"@ N2K u are actually going to fix vc glitches next year
"@NBA2K 1 actually gonna fix the software glitches next year
"@NBA2K and u actually gonna fix the biggest vc glitches for next half year
"@NBA2K u actually gonna fix your vc glitches to update
fix your shit servers @2K @NBA2K @Ronnie2K
Fix your shit server @ 2K @ NBA2K @ Ronnie2K
fix your crap servers @ 2K @ N2K @ Ron2K
fix your running servers @2K @NBA2K @Ronnie2K
Gotta fix your stupid shit servers @2K r @NBA2K @Ronnie2K
are all shit servers @2K @NBA2K @Ronnie2K
@NBA2K: REALLY you guys won't give the old retired players $1000000 a year and you guys are making a killing on this game no wonder Charles Barkley and other NBA stars are missing from the game every year it doesn't make any sense youtu.be/k8iYgGFzs4E
"@ NBA2K: REALLY you guys are not going to give the old retired players $1 million a year and you guys are going to grit your teeth at this game
"@ N2K: Don't you guys give ex-players $1 million a year and you guys kill on this game
@NBA2K: REALLY you guy won't give the old retired players $1000000 that year and you guys are making a claim on this game no wonder Charles Barkley and other NFL stars die missing from the game every year it doesn't make any – youtu.be/k8iYgGFzs4E
@NBA2K : REALLY that you guys won't really give the old retired players $ 1000000 a whole year and you guys still are making in a shit killing on this game no wonder Beau Charles... Barkley and other NBA stars are missing from running the game so every year it doesn't make any sense youtu. be / k8iYgGFzs4E
@NBA2K: But you guys won't give away other professional players $1000000 a year seriously you guys are having their killing on this game I wonder Charles Barkley and other NBA stars are missing from the game each year it doesn't make any more youtu.be/k8iYgGFzs4E
Fat W ‼. 🤣 @NBA2K fix your piece of shit game
Fat W. @ NBA2K fix your shit game
Fat W @ N2K fix your piece of shit game
Fat W ‼. 🤣 @NBA2K fix your piece a shit game
Fat W [UNK]. R [UNK] @NBA2K fix to your piece piece of shit game
Fat W!!. <unk> We fix your piece of shit from
@NBA2K why are you so toxic.
@ NBA2K why are you so toxic.
@ N2K why are you so toxic.
@NBA2K TF are you so toxic.
@NBA2K you why are you not so toxic.
@NBA2K why are you an toxic.
Been booted out of 5 my park games today. Fuck you & your servers @NBA2K
Booted from 5 of my parking games today. Fuck you & your servers @ NBA2K
Booted today from 5 of my games in the park.
Been booted out of 5 ball park games today. Fuck you & your servers @NBA2K
Been so booted out of 5 my park games today. Fuck up you & hurt your old servers @NBA2K
Been booted out of fuck my damn games today. Fuck Rick & your servers @NBA2K
@NBA2K @Beluba @Ronnie2K  WHY TF IS MY PLAYSHOT MISSING WIDE OPEN BUT YOUTUBERS AND STREAMERS ARE HITTING FADE AWAYS IN MY FACE FIX YOUR FUCKING GAME SERIOUSLY..... MAYBE YALL SHOULD ANSWER PPL IN THE COMMUNITY INSTEAD OF THESE YOUTUBERS AND STREAMERS
"@ NBA2K @ Beluba @ Ronnie2K WHY TO OPEN MY PLAYSHOT MISSING BIDE
"@ N2K @ Beluba @ Ron2K WHY MY PLAYSHOT IS OPEN
@NBA2K I @Beluba  WHY TF IS MY PLAYSHOT MISSING WIDE OPEN AND FUCK AND STREAMERS ARE IT FADE LIKE IN MY NAME FIX YOUR FUCKING GAME SERIOUSLY..... MAYBE YALL SHOULD ANSWER PPL IN EVERY COMMUNITY INSTEAD OF ITS YOUTUBERS AND STREAMERS
@NBA2K @Beluba @Ronnie2K WHY TF IT IS AND MY PLAYSHOT MISSING WIDE OPEN IN BUT YOUTUBERS AND STREAMERS ARE I HITTING FADE AWAYS IN IN I MY FACE FIX OR YOUR ONE FUCKING GAME SERIOUSLY..... MAYBE YALL SHOULD ANSWER PPL AS IN THE COMMUNITY OR INSTEAD OF THESE YOUTUBERS AND STREAMERS
@NBA2K @Beluba @Ronnie2K THIS TF IS MY PLAYSHOT MISSING WIDE OPEN BUT YOUTUBERS AND STREAMERS ARE HITTING BUT THIS IN MY FACE TO YOUR FUCKING GAME SERIOUSLY..... MAYBE YOU WILL ANSWER PPL IN THE COMMUNITY THAT BY THESE YOUTUBERS A C
I like how @NBA2K_2KTV act like nothing wrong with @NBA2K just keep selling wack info . 
I like the way @ NBA2K _ 2KTV behaves as if there's nothing wrong with @ NBA2K just continuing to sell wack information.
I love how @ N2K _ 2KTV deals with @ N2K.
I love how @NBA2K_2KTV act like nothing wrong with @NBA2K just being selling wack info.
I like you how some @NBA2K_2KTV act like nothing wrong with that @NBA2K just keep selling this wack info.
I know how @NBA2K_2KTV feel like nothing wrong then @NBA2K just keep selling wack info.
Naw man this shit fucked up you shouldn’t have to be a 90 to make 3s consistenly
Naw man this shit fucked up you shouldn't be 90 to make 3s consistent
Naw man this shit fucked up you shouldn't have to be a 90 to make 3s consistently
Naw man this r fucked up I shouldn’t have to be a 90 to make 3s consistenly
Naw man this the shit truly fucked her up you shouldn ’ t have stopped to be a 90 to make 3s consistenly
Naw man this shit fucked together you shouldn’t pretend to be a 90 who make 3s consistenly
@NBA2K I’m mad that y’all got me dating a white girl on the my career
@ NBA2K I'm crazy that y'all made me date a white girl on my career
@ N2K I'm crazy that I'm dating a white girl on my career
@NBA2K I’m mad that y’all got me dating every white girl on the my!
@NBA2K I ’ m seriously mad that eventual y u ’ all got me dating a white girl on the street my career
@NBA2K she mad that y’all got me dating a different girl during the my career
fix the fucking pro am. Can’t find no games @2KSupport
t find any games @ 2KSupport
fix the fucking pro am. Can't find no games @ 2KSupport
fix the fucking pro am. Can’t find no games anymore
fix the head fucking pro b am. 2 Can ’ t find no games @2KSupport
fix up fucking pro am. Can’t find no goddamn @2KSupport
@NBA2K is still dog shit
@ NBA2K is still dog shit
@ N2K is still dog shit
@NBA2K is still cracking shit
@NBA2K is still dog and shit
@NBA2K is still dog puppy
@2KSupport @NBA2K why does my jump shot keep switching back to jump shot 70 everytime I log on???
@ 2KSupport @ NBA2K Why does my jump shot switch back to jump shot 70 every time I log in???
@ 2KSupport @ N2K why does my jump continue to switch to Jump 70 every time I log in???
@2KSupport @NBA2K why does my jump shot keep switching from to jump shot 70 everytime I log some
@2KSupport @NBA2K... why does my jump shooting shot keep on switching about back to jump shot of 70 everytime I log on???
@2KSupport @NBA2K why does my phone start always switching back to jump shot 70 everytime I log on???
"Good
"Well
"Okay
"Good
"Good
"Good
Kawhi is the most useless player in @NBA2K clippers fucking booty cheeks
Kawhi is the most useless player among the @ NBA2K Clippers damn the spoils
Cauchy Is Clippers' Most Useless Player @ N2K
Kawhi is third most useless player in @NBA2K clippers fucking booty cheeks
Kawhi is obviously the most useless player anywhere in @NBA2K clippers fucking his booty cheeks
man is the most useless player in @NBA2K<unk> fucking booty cheeks
WHYYYYYYYYYY??????? @NBA2K @Beluba @CHoops4Life @leolarosa276  in the middle of one of the best my career games I've had all year and this happens! pic.twitter.com/ufUHWtGecH
WHYYYYYYYY?????? @ NBA2K @ Beluba @ CHoops4Life @ leolarosa276 in the midst of one of the best games of my career I've had all year and this is happening! pic.twitter.com / ufUHWtGecH
WHYYYYYYY???? @ NY2K @ Beluba @ CHHoops4Life @ leolarosa276 in the middle of one of the best games of my career I've had all year and it's happening! pic.facebook.com / ufUHWtGecH
WHYYYYYYYYYY??????? RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR  in the middle of one of the best my career games I've had all year and this happens! pic.twitter.com/ufUHWtGecH
The WHYYYYYYYYYY??????? RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR  in the middle of one of the best my career games I've had all year and this happens! pic.twitter.com/ufUHWtGecH
was
Man hasn't even done anything yet wtfff
Man hasn't even done anything wtfff
The man hasn't even done anything wtfff yet
Man hasn't even done anything yet<unk>
The Man hasn't even done down anything yet wtfff
Man and't even done anything yet wtfff
@NBA2K wtf are yal doing man smh
@ NBA2K wtf are yal doing man smh
@ N2K wtf do human smx
@NBA2K wtf are yal doing man ch
Mark @NBA2K wtf he are yal at doing man smh
@NBA2K wtf are yal<unk> for smh
Yo @NBA2K can you fix shooting? pic.twitter.com/tkSJe2Zvor
Yo @ NBA2K can you fix the shooting? pic.twitter.com / tkSJe2Zvor
Yo @ N2K can you fix shooting? pic.wikipedia.org / tkSJe2Z2K
Yo RhandlerR can you fix shooting? pic.twitter.com/tkSJe2Zvor
With Yo RhandlerR can you fix shooting? pic.twitter.com/tkSJe2Zvor
in
@2KSupport @NBA2K @Ronnie2K the jump shot that i pick never saves it always resets to jump shot 70 please can you fix it
@ 2KSupport @ NBA2K @ Ronnie2K the jump shot I never save it always resets to jump shot 70 Please can you fix it
@ 2KSupport @ N2K @ Ron2K jump shot that I choose never sees it always reset jump shot 70 please can you fix it
@2KSupport @NBA2K @Ronnie2K the jump shot that i pick never takes off always resets to the shot 70 please can you fix it
@2KSupport @NBA2K @Ronnie2K the jump shot that player i will pick never saves it always always resets to jump like shot 70 will please 90 can you fix it
@2KSupport @NBA2K Now the jump shot that i pick on saves it and resets to jump shot 70 how can you edit it
"@NBA2K so I just got notified that I completed the daily bonus
"@ NBA2K
"@ N2K so I have just received notification that I have completed my daily bonus
"@NBA2K so I just got notified that something completed the daily bonus
"@NBA2K so I just yesterday got back notified that I had completed the required daily bonus
"<unk> so I just got notified like I completed my daily bonus
@Ronnie2K @NBA2K @Mitchel_Inkrott I was just about to win my fourth game of rush o was on 20 points then I graded out but shouldn’t have because I had 0 fouls and was winning the guy I was versing fix your game honestly I want my rewards because I had the ball and was postinghim
"@ Ronnie2K @ NBA2K @ Mitchel _ Inkrott I was just about to win my fourth game of the onslaught o was on 20 points then I scored off but shouldn't have done it because I had 0 fouls and won the guy I missed
"@ Ron2K @ N2K @ Mitsubishi _ Infiniti I was about to win my fourth peak game o was on 20 points
@Ronnie2K @NBA2K - I was just about to win my fourth game of rush o was on 20 points then I graded out but shouldn’t have because I had 0 fouls and was winning the guy I was gonna fix this game honestly they want my way because I had the opportunity and was postinghim
3 @Ronnie2K @NBA2K @Mitchel_Inkrott I was just here about to win for my fourth game of rush o was down on 20 points then I graded out 7 but shouldn ’ t have because I had found 0 fouls for and sure was winning the guy I was versing fix for your game honestly I want my rewards because I had got the ball and was postinghim
@Ronnie2K @NBA2K @Mitchel_Inkrott I was just about to win my best game of rush o him getting 0 points but I graded out he shouldn’t have it also had 0 fouls and was winning the guy I was versing fix your guy honestly I want my rewards because I had the ball and was scoring
@NBA2K why does the NBA store still not work?
@ NBA2K Why does the NBA store still not work?
@ N2K Why is the NBA store still closed?
@NBA2K When does the NBA store still not work?
to @NBA2K why does opening the NBA store still not work?
so why does the NBA store still not work?
"Premier League is back and running
"The Premier League is back up and running
"The Premier League is back in action
"Premier League is back and running
"But Premier League is back and out running
"Premier League is back from running
.  don't yall think Dame shoulda been the next gen and Zion current gen? I'm not buying this shit.
Don't you think Dame should be the next gene and Zion the current gene? I don't buy that shit.
Don't you think the Queen should be the next general and Zion the current general? I don't buy that shit.
.  don't yall think Dame shoulda been made next gen and Zion current gen? I'm not buying this either.
. don't yall think Marie Dame shoulda both been with the next good gen and Zion current gen? I'm not buying this big shit.
. don't yall think they shoulda been the next gen and Zion seventh gen? Personally'm not buying this one.
The nba2k20 update literally broke the corner 3 drill lmao @2KSupport   @Beluba  @NBA2K pic.twitter.com/odankAHU53
The nba2k20 update has literally turned the corner 3 drills lmao @ 2KSupport @ Beluba @ NBA2K pic.twitter.com / odankAHU53
The nba2k20 update literally punched the corner of 3 drill lmao @ 2KSupport @ Beluba @ Nba2K pic.fm / oAHU53
The nba2k20 update literally broke the corner 3 drill lmao RhandlerR   RhandlerR  RhandlerR pic.twitter.com/odankAHU53
v The nba2k20 update literally broke the corner 3 drill lmao RhandlerR   RhandlerR  RhandlerR pic.twitter.com/odankAHU53
that
@PlayStation I love PlayStation and all but why the fuck do errors keeping occurring on @NBA2K ??
@ PlayStation I love PlayStation and why the hell keep happening errors on @ NBA2K??
"@ PlayStation I love PlayStation and everything
@PlayStation I love PlayStation and all but why two fuck ass errors keeping occurring on @NBA2K??
@PlayStation I fucking love its PlayStation and all but why the fuck do errors kept keeping occurring on 9 @NBA2K??
@PlayStation I love PlayStation Vit all but when the fuck do errors keeping occurring using @NBA2K??
@DBGyt_ @tydebo24 @tjayerrday @NBA2K_MyTEAM NAW I 2K DONT TELL ME I SOENT MONEY ON THIS GAME JUSTBTO GET ERROR CODED RIGHT BEFORE QUALIFYERS
@ DBGyt _ @ tydebo24 @ tjayerrday @ NBA2K _ MyTEAM NAW I 2K DONT TELL ME I SOENT MONEY ON THIS GAME JUSTBTO GET ERROR CODED RIGHT BEFORE QUALIFYERS
@ DBT _ @ tydebo24 @ N2K _ MyTEAM NAW I 2K DONT TELL ME I SONEY MONEY ON THE GAME JUSTBTO GET ERROR CODED Right Before QUALIFYERS
@DBGyt_ @tydebo24 P @tjayerrday NAW I 2K DONT TELL IF I SOENT MONEY ON THIS GAME JUSTBTO DO ERROR IN RIGHT BEFORE QUALIFYERS
@DBGyt_ and @tydebo24 @tjayerrday @NBA2K_MyTEAM NAW I IS 2K DONT AND TELL TO ME I SOENT MONEY OF ON THIS A GAME AS JUSTBTO OF GET THE ERROR CODED RIGHT OF BEFORE QUALIFYERS
@DBGyt_ ONLY R @tydebo24 BUT ONLY WILL YOU TELL ME YOU ST MONEY ON THIS GAME JUSTBTO GET ERROR CODED WITH BEFORE QUALIFYERS
@NBA2K_MyTEAM @NBA2K @Ronnie2K this shit is a complete ripoff y’all want people to spend their money on vc for myteam just to give shitty ass players out the packs really doe?
@ NBA2K _ MyTEAM @ NBA2K @ Ronnie2K This shit is complete nonsense and everyone wants people to spend their money on vc on my team just to hand out the packs to shitty ass players who really do doe?
@ N2K _ MyTEAM @ N2K @ Ron2K is crap complete and everyone wants people to spend their money on vk for my team just to give shit to the players out of the packages really do?
@NBA2K_MyTEAM!! @NBA2K this shit is a complete ripoff y’all want people wont spend their money on packs for myteam just to give shitty ass players toys the packs really doe?
@NBA2K_MyTEAM @NBA2K @Ronnie2K But this shit is a complete ripoff y ’ not all want people willing to spend their money on vc games for myteam with just somebody to give shitty hard ass players out the six packs all really doe?
@NBA2K_MyTEAM @NBA2K @Ronnie2K If was<unk> a complete ripoff y’all want people to spend their money at vc for myteam just to give shitty random players out and packs really mad?
"If they don’t
"If they don't
"If they don't
"If they don’t
"If sometimes they don t ’ not t
"If they can
@NBA2K we can’t squad up or play park ... FIX THIS SHIT !
@ NBA2K we can not set up or play park... FIX THIS SHIT!
@ N2K we can't play squash or park... FIX THIS SHIT!
@NBA2K we can’t squad up or play well... FIX THIS SHIT!
@NBA2K we all can only ’ t squad it up or play park... CHAPTER FIX THIS SHIT!
thing we can’t squad players or play park... FIX A SHIT!
Bruh I haven’t been able to play 2k since yesterday’s patch because of the Servers smh. How y’all gone patch the game and break the servers 🤦‍.  @NBA2K @Beluba
"Bruh I could not play 2k since yesterday's patch
"Bruh I have not been able to play 2k since yesterday the patch because the Servers smh. How y'all gone patch the game and break the servers. ""@ N2K @ Beluba"
Bruh we haven’t been able to play everything since we patch because of the Servers smh. How y’all gone patch ur game and break the lag 🤦‍.  @NBA2K @Beluba
Bruh I haven v ’ v t been able to play in 2k mode since yesterday you ’ s patch because the of the Servers smh. 0 How hard y ’ all gone patch the game and break the other servers [UNK]. @NBA2K @Beluba
Bruh I haven’t been able to play back since yesterday’s patch AND im the root smh. Has y’all gone fix the game and break out servers <unk>. @NBA2K @Beluba
Just Lost On Some Fluke Shit On My MyCareer Mode Smh Lol Thank You @NBA2K
Lost on some Fluke Shit On My MyCareer Mode Smh Lol Thank you @ NBA2K
Just some fluke shit on my MyCareer Smh Lol Thank You @ N2K
Just Lost On Some Good Shit On My MyCareer Mode :) Lol Thank You @NBA2K
Just Been Lost On Some Beach Fluke Shit On My Memory MyCareer Mode Smh Lol One Thank To You @NBA2K
Just Lost On Some Fluke Shit On But MyCareer To Smh Lol On You @NBA2K
Hold onnnn.  fw 2k it might be glitchy asf tho
Hold onnnn. fw 2k it could be glitchy asf tho
Hold onnbs. fw 2k it might be glitchy asf tho
Hold onnnn.  fw 2k it might be glitchy... tho
Hold onnnn. fw 2k of it... might still be glitchy asf tho
Hold onnnn. fw 2k it might make glitchy all tho
@NBA2K y’all need y’all ass beat for releasing this terrible ass game
@ NBA2K y'all need y'all ass beat for releasing this terrible ass game
@ N2K y'all need y'all ass beat for the friends this terrible ass game
@NBA2K y’all need your ass beat for releasing this terrible ass<unk>
@NBA2K y ’ all need al y ’ all ass beat for ever releasing this terrible ass strategy game
@NBA2K y’all need y’all be beat about releasing this terrible PC game
Wale not being on a nba 2k sound track is criminal
Whale not to be on a nba 2k soundtrack is criminal
"Whale
Wale not performing on a nba 2k sound track is criminal
Wale not ever being on a nba 2k no sound track is criminal
of not being on a nba 2k sound card is criminal
@NBA2K @Ronnie2K FIX THE DAMN SERVERS!!!!!
@ NBA2K @ Ronnie2K FIX THE DAMN SERVERS!!!!!
@ N2K @ Ron2K FIX THE DAMN SERVERS!!!!!
@NBA2K<unk> FIX THE DAMN SERVERS!!!!!
OF @NBA2K @Ronnie2K FIX YOU THE NO DAMN OF SERVERS!!!!!
@NBA2K @Ronnie2K LOVE THE WORLD SERVERS!!!!!
"@Ronnie2K @NBA2K how hard is it to make sure your devs stay on top of hate speech
"@ Ronnie2K @ NBA2K How hard is it to make sure your developers stay up to date on hate speech
"As a basketball fan and software developer
"RhandlerR RhandlerR how hard is it to make sure your devs stay on top of hate speech
"2 RhandlerR RhandlerR how hard is it to make sure your devs stay on top of hate speech
be
Dude just cooked a guy and got The L @NBA2K_MyTEAM needs to fix the damn game. twitter.com/splashedition/…
Dude just cooked a guy and got the L @ NBA2K _ MyTEAM needs to fix the damn game. twitter.com / splashedition /...
The guy just cooked the guy and got L @ N2K _ MyTEAM needs to fix the damn game.
Dude just cooked a guy and got The L RhandlerR needs to fix the damn game. twitter.com/splashedition/…
2013 Dude just cooked a guy and got The L RhandlerR needs to fix the damn game. twitter.com/splashedition/…
<unk>
Draymond gets a flagrant 1 EVERY time i use the warriors online y’all got some explaining to do @NBA2K @Ronnie2K
Draymond gets a blatant 1 EVERY time I use the Warriors online and everyone has a few explanations to do @ NBA2K @ Ronnie2K
Draymond gets egregious 1 ALWAYS I use the internet and I have some explanations to make @ N2K @ Ron2K
Draymond gets a type 1 EVERY time i use d warriors online y’all got some explaining to do @NBA2K @Ronnie2K
Steve Draymond gets a severe flagrant 1 EVERY Next time i use the warriors code online here y will ’ all got some explaining to do @NBA2K @Ronnie2K
also gets a flagrant 1 EVERY time i pull a internet online y’all got 5 explaining to do @NBA2K @Ronnie2K
Fuck no!!!! That's back when ppl didn't miss lmao
Fuck no!!!! That was back when ppl didn't miss lmao
Fuck no!!! That's back when ppl didn't miss lmao
Fuck no!!!! That's back when everybody didn't miss lmao
OH Fuck no!!!! 2 That's back after when ppl I didn't miss lmao
Fuck Up That's back when everyone didn't miss lmao
@NBA2K your game is mud
@ NBA2K Your game is mud
@ N2K your game is mud
@NBA2K your game is up
in @NBA2K your game is mud
@NBA2K your game is so
I remember that bullshit . 🤣
I remember that shit.
I remember this shit.
I remember white bullshit. 🤣
I remember using that bullshit. [UNK]
I remember your bullshit. <unk>
I quit one game of @NBA2K cause of their shitty servers out of the hundreds of games I've played and suddenly I'm the devil and banned from even using my phone on there lmao
"I quit a game of @ NBA2K because of their crappy servers out of hundreds of games I've played
I dropped one @ N2K game because of their crap servers out of hundreds of games I've played and suddenly I'm a villain and I'm banned from even using my phone there lmao
I quit one game of @NBA2K complaining of their shitty servers out among the hundreds of mods I've played and suddenly I'm the devil and banned from even using my phone on tour lmao
I quit one game short of @NBA2K cause kind of ripping their shitty servers out of amongst the hundreds of games I've played and suddenly I'm the absolute devil and get banned from even using my cell phone right on there lmao
actually lost one game of @NBA2K cause of my shitty server out of the hundreds shit games it've played and suddenly I'm the devil and banned from even using my phone on there lmao
@NBA2K first game we try and play .. it lags everyone in the whole lobby no one can play .. games already doing this comon
@ NBA2K first game we try and play.. it lags behind everyone in the whole lobby that no one can play.. games that already do this comon
@ N2K the first game we try to play.. it lags behind everyone in the entire lobby no one can play.. games already do it comon
@NBA2K first game we try and play.. it lags everyone in the whole lobby no one can play.. we already got this comon
@NBA2K first the game we try and play.. it lags off everyone in front the whole crowded lobby because no one can play.. games already is doing this comon
@NBA2K first game we play and play.. it lags me you you whole lobby no one can play.. games already doing this to
Hell na dumbass idea wtf
Hell na dumbass idea wtf
Hell na dumbass idea wtf
Hell na dumbass idea....
Hell na da dumbass idea wtf
Hell na dumbass because wtf
NBA 2K mobile is so unplayable . 
NBA 2K mobile is so unplayable.
NBA 2K mobile is so unplayable.
NBA 2K 18 is so unplayable.
NBA Live 2K Ultra mobile is so unplayable.
NBA Verizon mobile is so unplayable.
@NBA2K y’all a joke of a company. Couldn’t make a decent game if y’all life depended on it . 
@ NBA2K y'all a corporate joke. Couldn't make a decent play if y'all's life depended on it.
@ N2K y'all a joke of a company. Could't make a decent game if y'all life depended on it.
@NBA2K y’all a real name a company. Couldn’t make a video game if y’all life depended on it.
@NBA2K y ’ all a joke of a company. Couldn ’ t really make it a decent game mind if y were ’ all life really depended on it.
@NBA2K y’all lame joke of a company. Couldn’t make a serious statement if y’all life depended<unk> it.
"@NBA2K can you guys explain why this ""special offer"" keeps popping up and when you purchase it nothing special happens besides the vc you are supposed to get.... I've done this 2 times."
"@ NBA2K you guys can explain why this ""special offer"" keeps coming up and nothing special happens when you buy it except the VCD you should get.... I did it 2 times."
"@ N2K Can you guys explain why this ""special offer"" keeps growing and when you buy it
"@NBA2K to you guys explain why this ""special stuff"" keeps popping up and when you purchase it nothing really happens besides the vc you are set to get.... I've done this 2 times."
"OK @NBA2K but can you guys explain why this "" special offer "" keeps popping up and when you do purchase it nothing special happens besides the an vc deal you are supposed only to personally get.... I'M ve done this 2 other times."
"@NBA2K can you guys explain why this ""special offer"" keeps popping on and when you purchase it nothing special happens with the vc you got from the get.... We've done this 2 years."
@NBA2K @2K Worst game ever came home and my my player was gone I been reaching out on 2k support all day and still haven’t got a reply
"@ NBA2K @ 2K The worst game that ever came home and my player was gone
@ N2K @ 2K Worst game ever came home and my player left I supported 2k all day and still got no answer
@NBA2K @2K Worst game ever came home and my my player was crying I been reaching out on 2k support all week and still nobody got a reply
@NBA2K @2K R Worst game ever came home and said my my player was gone I had been only reaching out on 2k support cards all my day and still haven ’ t got out a reply
@NBA2K @2K what game ever came home when my support player was gone and been reaching out on 2k support all day and we haven’t got a reply
Get off work and think I'm about to play a game of NBA 2K and the servers are down.  That's that hurt right there.
"Go home from work and think I'm going to play an NBA 2K game right now and the servers are down
Get out of work and think I'm about to play an NBA 2K game and the servers aren't working.
Get off work and think I'm about to play a demo of NBA 2K but the servers are down.  That's that hurt out there.
Get off from work and think I'm about to play a game instead of NBA 2K and assume the servers are closed down. That'll s that much hurt right there.
Get off on the think I'm about to play a game of NBA 2K and the servers are blocked. That's that hurt right on.
@NBA2K is the worst of game of 2019-2020. No doubt . 
@ NBA2K is undoubtedly the worst game of 2019-2020.
@ N2K is the worst game of 2019-2020.
@NBA2K is the worst of game of 2019-2020. No time.
@NBA2K is the worst scale of game scenario of the 2019 - 2020. No doubt.
Justice is the face of game of 2019-2020. No doubt.
Fuck

Fuck
Fuck
Holy Fuck
Fuck
@Ronnie2K @NBA2K @2KSupport help me Iv reset app Iv changed clothes and I’m still not being able to be seen help me my person can’t be seen I can’t see my self watch my stream it’ll show it I’m trying to fix it but I’ve reset app and changed my fit bit yet it’s the same
"@ Ronnie2K @ NBA2K @ 2KSupport help me Iv reset app Iv dresses changed and I'm still not able to be seen help me
@ Ron2K @ N2K @ 2KSupport help me Iv reset app Iv changed clothes and I'm still being able to be seen help me my person can't be seen I can't see my self watch my stream it'll show it I'm trying to fix it but I've reset app and changed my fit bit yet it's the same
@Ronnie2K @NBA2K @2KSupport help me Iv app app Iv changed clothes and I’m embarrassed<unk> being able to be seen help me my person will be seen I can’t see my self watch my stream it’ll show it I’m trying to fix it wrong I’ve reset them and changed my fit bit yet it’s the worst
@Ronnie2K please @NBA2K @2KSupport help me Iv reset app Iv changed clothes and more I ’ m still not not being able to be seen Google help me my person can ’ t be a seen because I can in ’ t see my self not watch my stream it ’ ll show it I ’ m trying to fix it faster but I ’ ve reset app and changed my fit bit also yet it ’ s the same
@Ronnie2K on @NBA2K on me Iv reset just Iv changed clothes and I’m now not being able to be seen help out my voice can’t look seen me can’t see my self watch my stream it’ll show it I’m trying to fix it but I’ve updated app and changed my fit better yet it’s the same
"@2KIntel @NBA2K @ShakeDown2012 1v1 is ehh but the 1 MAJOR ISSUE that needs a fix for 2k21 is failing. taking a smoothered shot in 1 v 1 can not mean the samething as other modes I got perim lock w/ low handles so any tap by the defense I pick up the ball
"@ 2KIntel @ NBA2K @ ShakeDown2012 1v1 is ehh
"@ 2KIntel @ N2K @ ShakeDown2012 1v1 is an echo
"@2KIntel @NBA2K vs 1v1 is ehh but the only MAJOR ISSUE that needs a fix for 2k21 is failing. taking a smoothered shot in 1 v 1 can not mean the samething as required modes I got full lock w/ low handles at any tap from the defense I pick down the ball
"@2KIntel @NBA2K @ShakeDown2012 1v1 is ehh but the 1 MHz MAJOR ISSUE that needs a fix solution for 2k21 is failing. taking a single smoothered neck shot in typical 1 v 1 mode can not mean the price samething as other modes I got perim lock w / low handles when so any tap by any the defense I pick up the ball
"@2KIntel @NBA2K @ShakeDown2012 1v1 is ehh like the 1 MAJOR ISSUE that needs a fix from 2k21 in failing. taking a smoothered shot for 1 vs 1 can not mean similar problem as other modes I got perim lock w/ low handles so any tap by the defense I pick up next key
2k21 is not FUN!!! @NBA2K
2k21 is not fun!!! @ NBA2K
2к21 это не FUN!!! @ N2K
2k21 is not a @NBA2K
2k21 He is not an FUN!!! @NBA2K
2k21 is not FUN!!! That
2K beyond trash this year @NBA2K . 
2K beyond trash this year @ NBA2K.
2K behind the track this year @ N2K.
2K + trash this year @NBA2K.
2K not beyond trash day this year @NBA2K.
goes beyond trash this year @NBA2K.
@NBA2K can I get a refund for this garbage
@ NBA2K can I get a refund for this garbage
@ N2K can I get a refund for this outfit
@NBA2K<unk> I get a refund for this garbage
@NBA2K can I even get for a refund for this garbage
@NBA2K can I get a refund against this garbage
@NBA2K if 2K21 anything like 20 again I'm never buying a game from y'all again. Make the game like 2K16
"@ NBA2K
@ N2K if 2K21 is anything like 20 again I never buy a game from y'all again. Make the game like 2K16
@NBA2K if your anything like 20 + I'm never buying a game by y'all again. Make the game like 2K16
@NBA2K if t 2K21 anything like 20 again I'm never mind buying a game from y'all players again. 3 Make the game be like 22 2K16
@NBA2K if 2K21 anything like 20 again and'm back buying a game with y'all again. Make the game if 2K16
Another reason @NBA2K sucks like why are yall forcing people to play small ball?  
Another reason why @ NBA2K is annoying is why Yall forces people to play small balls?
Another reason @ N2K is sucking: why are they forcing people to play small ball?
Another reason @NBA2K sucks like why are yall forcing people to play pro ball?
Another important reason for @NBA2K sucks like why are guys yall forcing people to play small ball?
Another place some are like why are yall forcing people to play small ball?
@NBA2K THIS IS YOUR GAME. OWN UP TO THIS CRAP!
@ NBA2K THIS IS YOUR GAME. OWN FOR THIS FORCE!
@ N2K IT IS YOUTH GAME. OWNERSHIP IN IT!
@NBA2K THIS IS YOUR GAME. OWN UP TO THAT CRAP!
@NBA2K THIS ONE IS YOUR GAME. OWN UP AND TO UP THIS TO CRAP!
@NBA2K THIS TO YOUR<unk>. OWN UP TO The CRAP!
"@NBA2K you guys gotta fix the shooting bugs bc EVERYTIME I green people are kicked out . My green animation flickers like crazy before also kicking me out 
"@ NBA2K you guys need to get the shooting bugs Bc EVERY time I green people are kicked out. My green animation flickers like crazy before even kicking me out
"@ N2K you guys fix shooting bugs bk ALWAYS I drive green people out. My green animation flips like crazy before also driving me out
"@NBA2K you guys gotta fix the shooting bugs : EVERYTIME I green you are kicked out. My green animation flickers like crazy before also putting me out
"@NBA2K you guys gotta fix the shooting bugs or bc EVERYTIME I green some people are officially kicked out. My own green animation flickers like crazy But before also officially kicking me out
"@NBA2K you guys gotta love me shooting bugs bc EVERYTIME me green people were kicked out. My green animation flickers like crazy before their kicking me out
@NBA2K count your days fucker
@ NBA2K Counting your fucker days
@ N2K count your days fucked up
@NBA2K count 7 days fucker
@NBA2K will count your days fucker
@NBA2K count your<unk> fucker
I just find it so weird that they would use the wrong image and name for Shake Milton 🤔
I just find it so strange that they would use the wrong image and the wrong name for Shake Milton.
I just find it so weird that they are using the wrong image and name for Shake Milton.
I just find it so weird that they would use the famous image and design for Shake Milton 🤔
I just now find it so weird seeing that they would use the wrong image here and name for Shake Milton [UNK]
I just find it so weird knowing they would use the wrong image so name for Shake Pool <unk>
"@NBA2K what a disappointment
@ NBA2K What a disappointment to pay you to play! Used to love the series fuck the consumer though right!
"@ N2K
"@NBA2K what a disappointment
"@NBA2K what remains a financial disappointment
"@NBA2K what a disappointment
"@NBA2K shot system gots to be the worst shit i ever fucking seen 🤦. ‍.  missing wide open ass shots 
"@ NBA2K Shot System will be the worst shit I've ever seen... missing wide-open ass shots
"@ N2K shot system gets to be the worst shit i ever fucking seen... missing wide open ass shots
"@NBA2K shot u gots a call the worst shit i ever fucking seen 🤦. ‍.  missing wide open ass shots
"@NBA2K shot system what gots to be the worst shit i mean ever fucking has seen [UNK].. missing wide open ass many shots
"water shot system gots to do the worst shit i ever been seen <unk>.. missing wide open ass shots
Sure I’m late to the game but  
"Sure
Sure I'm late to the game but
Sure I’m addicted to the game but
Sure Sure I ’ m late to the game but
Sure I’m late to my game but
I’m done bro all my stuff got corrupt and I’m downloading game updates now @2KSupport @NBA2K @Ronnie2K
I'm done because all my stuff has been damaged and I'm now downloading game updates @ 2KSupport @ NBA2K @ Ronnie2K
I'm done bro all my stuff got corrupt and I'm downloading game updates now @ 2KSupport @ N2K @ Ron2K
I’m done bro and my stuff got corrupt and I’m downloading game updates now 🙂 @2KSupport @NBA2K
I ’ m almost done running bro all my game stuff got corrupt and I ’ m downloading game time updates so now @2KSupport @NBA2K... @Ronnie2K
I’m email bro all my updates got through and I’m downloading the updates now @2KSupport @NBA2K @Ronnie2K
@NBA2K can I buy some fucking clothes for this vid
@ NBA2K can I buy some damn clothes for this video?
@ N2K can I buy some fucking clothes for this video
@NBA2K can I buy any fucking clothes for this vid
@NBA2K... can I buy some fucking clean clothes for this vid
@NBA2K can still buy some new clothes for this vid
Continuing my endeavors of bringing the immense bullshit this UNFINISHED game has. This company has no fuckimg integrity on making it a priority to release a decent game despite ALL the money the get from the game and VC alone. An embarrassment. @NBA2K @Ronnie2K @2K https://t.co/NpyLtg9WHb
"This company has no damn integrity in making it a priority to release a decent game
"This company has no fucking honesty in prioritizing the release of a decent game
Continuing my endeavors and bringing the immense bullshit this UNFINISHED game entails. This company has no real value on making it a priority to release an decent game despite ALL the money the gets from the game and VC alone. An embarrassment. @NBA2K @Ronnie2K @2K https://t.co/NpyLtg9WHb]
19 Continuing my past endeavors of bringing the immense publicity bullshit this UNFINISHED game has. This movie company has no fuckimg integrity on making it a priority game to release such a decent game... despite ALL the money the get from the game costs and VC alone. 2 An immense embarrassment. @NBA2K @Ronnie2K @2K https://t.co/NpyLtg9WHb ]
Continuing my endeavors of bringing the immense bullshit the UNFINISHED games has. This game has no fuckimg integrity on making it a one one release a million thing despite ALL the money the get from from company from VC alone. An embarrassment. @NBA2K @Ronnie2K @2K https://t.co/NpyLtg9WHb]
"Just drop the token market update @NBA2K_MyTEAM @Ronnie2K
"Just drop the token market update @ NBA2K _ MyTEAM @ Ronnie2K
"Just drop the @ N2K _ MyTEAM @ Ron2K token update
"Just drop the token AND update @NBA2K_MyTEAM @Ronnie2K
"Just drop off the correct token on market update @NBA2K_MyTEAM @Ronnie2K
"<unk> drop the new market update @NBA2K_MyTEAM @Ronnie2K
@NBA2K just kicked me out the Rush 3v3 event and I was only 1 game in.  YALL terrible yo . 🤬
@ NBA2K just knocked me out of the Rush 3v3 event and I was only 1 game in.
@ N2K just kicked me out of the Rush 3v3 event and I was only 1 game in. YALL terrible yo.
@NBA2K just kicked me out the Rush tournament event and I was undefeated three game in.  YALL terrible yo. 🤬
@NBA2K just kicked me out the Rush in 3v3 event... and I was back only 1 game late in. YALL terrible yo.... [UNK]
@NBA2K actually kicked me out my Rush 3v3 channel and I was only another game in. YALL terrible yo. <unk>
I genuinely hate this new @NBA2K shot meter cause i can’t green SHIT anymore . 🤡
I really hate this new @ NBA2K shot meter because I can't make SHIT green anymore.
I genuinely hate this new @ N2K shot counter because I can no longer green SHIT.
I genuinely hate this new @NBA2K shot meter cause shit can’t green SHIT anymore... 🤡
I genuinely hate this new @NBA2K and shot meter in cause maybe i can ’ t green SHIT anymore. YOU [UNK]
I genuinely hate this new @NBA2K shot meter cause i DO NOT SHIT myself. <unk>
Bro @NBA2K why tf is 2K21 demo worse than the full game of 2K20 . 🤦. ‍. 
Bro @ NBA2K why tf 2K21 demo is worse than the whole game of 2K20.
Bro @ H2K why tf is worse 2K21 demo than full 2K20 game.
Bro @NBA2K why tf is 2K21 demo worse is the fucking game of 2K20. 🤦. ‍.
Bro for @NBA2K not why or tf It is not 2K21 demo worse than the full game of 2K20. [UNK]..
E<unk> why tf is 2K21 the worse than my full game of 2K20. <unk>..
@NBA2K worst 2k ever idc
@ NBA2K worst 2k ever idc
@ N2K worst 2k ever idc
@NBA2K worst thing ever idc
@NBA2K worst of 2k ever 2013 idc
@NBA2K worst robot ever idc
@NBA2K this game fucking suck why TF A PURE SLASHER HITTIN 3s
@ NBA2K this game fuck suck why TF A PURE SLASHER HITTIN 3s
@ N2K this fucking suck game why TF A PURE SLASHER HITTIN 3s
@NBA2K this game really suck why TF A PURE SLASHER all 3s
@NBA2K for this game we fucking suck shit why that TF A PURE SLASHER HITTIN CHAPTER 3s
@NBA2K this game mean suck fucking TF A PURE SLASHER HITTIN<unk>
And stop making @EBled2 unstoppable @NBA2K . 
And stop making @ EBled2 unstoppable @ NBA2K.
And stop making @ EBled2 impossible @ N2K.
And stop using @EBled2 unstoppable @NBA2K.
4 And stop for making @EBled2 unstoppable like @NBA2K.
And stop making @EBled2 now because.
Jus s you know  
Jus s you know
Jus s you know
Jus s ja know
Jus un s you know
Jus s I know
@NBA2K @Beluba @Ronnie2K bring the behind the back back bruh dribbling just feel too stale and boring
@ NBA2K @ Beluba @ Ronnie2K does the dribbling behind the back that just feels too old-fashioned and boring
@ N2K @ Beluba @ Ron2K bring back brutal dribbles that just seem too tired and boring
@NBA2K | @Beluba bring him behind the back back bruh dribbling just feel too stale and boring
And @NBA2K AND @Beluba AND @Ronnie2K And bring the behind the back back bruh dribbling just feel like too stale and too boring
@NBA2K @Beluba @Ronnie2K bring the behind our characters back bruh dribbling just to so stale and boring
Shoutout 2k for destroying the auction house. Pulled my second GO of the year in Lamar Odom and saw the AH was working when pulled. Then it proceeded to break and only got a 50 MT PROFIT. LOST MY BEST PULL AND 500K+ MT. I’m sick. @NBA2K_MyTEAM @TwoBrosGaming @ItsShake4ndbake
Shoutout 2k for destroying the auction house. Drawed my second GO of the year in Lamar Odom and saw how the AH worked when it was pulled. Then it broke and got only a 50MT PROFIT. LOST MY BEST PULL AND 500K + MT. I am sick. @ NBA2K _ MyTEAM @ TwoBrosGaming @ ItsShake4ndbake
Scream 2k for destroying the auction house. Pulled out my second year in Lamar Odom and saw AH working when pulled out. Then it started breaking and only got 50 MT PROFIT. LOST MY BEST PULL AND 500K + MT. I'm sick. @ N2K _ MyTEAM @ TwoBrosGaming @ ItsShake4ndbake
Shoutout 2k for destroying the auction house. Pulled my biggest dog of the year in Mid Day and saw the AH was working when pulled. And it proceeded to break and only got a 50 day PROFIT. LOST MY BEST PULL AND 500K+ ID. I’m sick. @NBA2K_MyTEAM @TwoBrosGaming @ItsShake4ndbake
To Shoutout me 2k for destroying almost the whole auction house. and Pulled my 1 second GO of the the year in Lamar Odom and saw the AH was working when It pulled. Then it proceeded to break and only got a 50 MT PROFIT. LOST MY BEST PULL ON AND 500K + 27 MT. I ’ m sick. @NBA2K_MyTEAM @TwoBrosGaming @ItsShake4ndbake
Shoutout 2k for destroying the first house. Put my second GO of the year in Lamar Odom that saw ONLY AH was working when pulled. Then I decided to break and only got a 50 MT PROFIT. LOST MY NEW PULL AND 500K+ MT. So sick. @NBA2K_MyTEAM oh @TwoBrosGaming
Lock your fucking doors @NBA2K
Lock your damn doors @ NBA2K
Lock your fucking doors @ N2K
Lock my fucking doors @NBA2K
B Lock your fucking doors @NBA2K
Lock your door doors @NBA2K
@Ronnie2K @NBA2K can I get my 100k VC please like I payed all this money for this game and it’s still got same issues as nba 2k20 and I haven’t got what I paid for yet!! My Myplayer sucks cuz I refuse to pay y’all more money and haven’t gotten what I paid for first!!  
@ Ronnie2K @ NBA2K can I get my 100k VC please as I paid all this money for this game and it still has the same problems as nba 2k20 and I still haven't got what I paid for!! My myplayer is annoying because I refuse to pay y'all more money and didn't get what I paid for first!!
@ Ron2K @ N2K can I get my 100k please how did I pay all this money for this game and it still has the same problems as nba 2k20 and I don't have what I paid for yet!! My Myplayer sucks up the cubes I refuse to pay more money and didn't get what I paid for first!!
@Ronnie2K … can I get what 100k VC please like I payed you this money for this game and it’s finally got same issues without nba 2k20 and I haven’t got what it paid for yet!! My week sucks cuz I refuse to pay y’all more money and haven’t gotten what was paid for first!!
@Ronnie2K @NBA2K can I get my Rs 100k VC please like this I payed all this money for the this game and it he ’ s still totally got same issues as nba 2k20 and I so haven da ’ t got what I paid for yet!! My Myplayer sucks cuz I refuse to pay y are ’ all This more money and haven ’ t gotten what I just paid for first!!
@Ronnie2K how can I get my 100k VC please like he payed all this money for this one and it’s still got equal issues as nba 2k20 because I never got what I paid for yet!! My Myplayer sucks cuz I refuse to offer y’all new money if it gotten what I paid for first!!
"@ItsShake4ndbake @NBA2K_MyTEAM @Witness2k17 WHY DO I HAVE TO GET FUCKED OVER GOING 12-0. GOOD RELEASE
"@ ItsShake4ndbake @ NBA2K _ MyTEAM @ Witness2k17 WHY MUST I DO FUCK ABOUT 12-0. GOOD RELEASE
@ ItsShake4ndbake @ N2K _ MyTEAM @ Wit2k17 WHY I USED TRANSPORT 12-0.
"@ItsShake4ndbake @NBA2K_MyTEAM<unk> WHY DO I HAVE TO GET FUCKED OVER GOING 12-0. GOOD NEWS
"@ItsShake4ndbake 1 @NBA2K_MyTEAM @Witness2k17 WHY DO I D HAVE TO ME GET FUCKED OVER GOING 12 - 8 0. GOOD UP RELEASE
"@ItsShake4ndbake @NBA2K_MyTEAM WHO WHY DO I HAVE TO GET FUCKED OVER GOING THAT-0. GOOD<unk>
@NBA2K whatever the fuck you “fixed” put it back cause this is fucking ridiculous
"@ NBA2K whatever the hell you ""fixed"" it back because that's damn ridiculous"
"@ N2K whatever you ""fix"" put it back because it's damn funny"
@NBA2K whatever the fuck you “fixed” put it back cause this fucking fucking nuts
@NBA2K whatever the fuck you need “ fixed ” put it back cause everyone this is fucking freaking ridiculous
@NBA2K whatever the item you “fixed” put it back and this is fucking ridiculous
@NBA2K fix my shyt wtf is y’all doing . 
@ NBA2K fix my shyt wtf is y'all doing.
@ N2K fix my shyt wtf is y'all doing.
@NBA2K fix my issue wtf is y’all doing.
@NBA2K fix you my shyt for wtf is y ’ is all doing.
@NBA2K is my mouth wtf do y’all doing.
@NBA2K @NBA2K_2KTV @Ronnie2K @2KSupport  Can we please do something about stuff like this? These dudes should be IP banned. pic.twitter.com/sewA9ZDt0t
@ NBA2K @ NBA2K _ 2KTV @ Ronnie2K @ 2KSupport Can we please do something about this? These guys should IP banish. pic.twitter.com / sewA9ZDt0t
@ N2K @ N2K _ 2KTV @ Ron2K @ 2KSupport Can we do something about things like this?
RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR  Can we please do something about stuff like this? These dudes should be IP banned. pic.twitter.com/sewA9ZDt0t
H RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR  Can we please do something about stuff like this? These dudes should be IP banned. pic.twitter.com/sewA9ZDt0t
my
@NBA2K yo fix your broke ass game
@ NBA2K yo repair your broken ass game
@ N2K yo fix your broken ass game
@NBA2K yo fix my broke ass game
@NBA2K yo gonna fix out your broke ass game
@NBA2K yo played your broke ass game
"@NBA2K so niggas still dribbling through my body
"@ NBA2K so niggas still dribbles through my body
"@ N2K so niggas still drifting through my body
"@NBA2K so was still dribbling through my body
"What @NBA2K is so several niggas still dribbling through my body
"@NBA2K the niggas with dribbling through my shit
"@NBA2K who’s genius idea was it to have the right stick “aim shooting” it’s bad enough with badges and all folks still can barely shoot
"@ NBA2K
"@ N2K whose genius idea was to have the right ""sight-shooting"" stick is bad enough with badges and all the folk can barely shoot
"@NBA2K who’s genius idea was it to have this short stick “aim shooting” & bad enough about badges they all folks still can range shoot
"@NBA2K who ’ s genius idea was writing it to have the one right hard stick “ aim and shooting ” it ’ s bad enough with badges and all because folks still can barely shoot
"@NBA2K who’s genius idea was it to have you right stick “aim shooting” it’s bad enough with anything and all folks still can dead shoot
Smh this is NASTY
Smh this is NASTY
Smh this is NASTY
Smh<unk> is NASTY
Smh this is in NASTY
Smh this is NOT
We got robbed yall. . @NBA2K
We were robbed... @ NBA2K
We were robbed... @ N2K
We got it yall.. @NBA2K
We got robbed by yall.. Rob @NBA2K
We got robbed yall.. sorry
@NBA2K i get your next game came out but now my 2k20 mycareer wont save at all. Ive played game 3 in this series about 10 times and it never saves. I want 2k21 in time but this is a deal breaker
"@ NBA2K I get your next game came out
@ N2K i get your next game came out but now my 2k20 mycareer wont save at all. Ive played game 3 in this series about 10 times and it never saves. I want 2k21 in time but this is a deal breaker
@NBA2K i get your next game came close only now my 2k20 mycareer wont save at all. Just played game 3 in this series almost 10 times and it never saves. I want that in time but this is a deal breaker
@NBA2K and i get your next hit game it came out but now my 2k20 left mycareer wont save at all. And Ive not played game 3 before in this series about 10 times and it never saves. I want you 2k21 to in time but this is a complete deal breaker
@NBA2K i get your next game came out but now your cell mycareer wont save a 5. Ive played game 3 into this series nearly 10 times but it never saves. I want 2k21 in time but this is a heart breaker
"@NBA2K how does ur cover athletes jumpshot look nothing like it does irl. dames 2k jumper puts the damn ball behind his head like hes dirk. irl the ball doesnt even get to dames forehead when he releases it. bumass company dont care about this shit
@ NBA2K how does our lid athlete jumpshot not look like it errs. dames 2k jumper puts the damn ball behind his head like hes dirk. irl the ball doesn't even get on dames forehead when he releases. bumass company doesn't care about this shit but it really pisses me off pic.twitter.com / K61DF9NvU1
"@ N2K how does our cover athletes jumpshot look nothing like it does irbesdames 2k Jbsp puts the damned ball over his head as he's mud. irl ball doesn't even get to Dames when he does it. Bumass Company doesn't care about this crap
"RhandlerR how does ur cover athletes jumpshot look nothing like it does irl. dames 2k jumper puts the damn ball behind his head like hes dirk. irl the ball doesnt even get to dames forehead when he releases it. bumass company dont care about this shit
"with RhandlerR how does ur cover athletes jumpshot look nothing like it does irl. dames 2k jumper puts the damn ball behind his head like hes dirk. irl the ball doesnt even get to dames forehead when he releases it. bumass company dont care about this shit
do
THESE ARE TOUGH!!!!!. 
THESE ARE TOUGH!!!!!.
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
THESE... TOUGH!!!!!.
They THESE ARE AND TOUGH!!!!!.
THESE ARE<unk>!!!!!.
As of now right now the only thing im happy about with @NBA2K is pack openings. The shootings shit is trash! And i waited 4 hrs to get my bonus content. This is complete bullshit.
The only thing I'm looking forward to right now with @ NBA2K are pack openings. The shooting shit is garbage! And I waited 4 hours for my bonus content. That's total bullshit.
"At the moment
As r now right about the only thing im happy about with @NBA2K is pack openings. The shootings shit is trash! And i waited 4 hrs to get decent bonus content. This are complete bullshit.
As of just now right now the only thing the im happy about with @NBA2K is pack openings. The Pack shootings are shit is trash! x And i waited 4 hrs to get up my bonus content. This is such complete bullshit.
As of now right now ONLY single data am happy about with @NBA2K is pack openings. The shootings shit shit trash! Yet i waited 64 hrs to get my bonus content. This is complete bullshit.
@NBA2K fuck you
@ NBA2K
@ N2K fuck you
@NBA2K found you
L @NBA2K fuck you
where fuck you
@NBA2K this shooting on here is trash smh what were yall thinking....
@ nba2k this shoot on here is garbage smh what did everyone think....
@ N2K this shoot here is thrash smx what thought....
@NBA2K this shooting on here is trash smh what were yall expecting
@NBA2K this shooting star on ya here is trash smh but what were I yall thinking....
@NBA2K are shooting on us is trash smh what were yall talking....
@NBA2K 2k 20 ass bitch
@ NBA2K 2k 20 ass bitch
@ N2K 2k 20ass bitch
@NBA2K 2k 20 raw bitch
@NBA2K and 2k 20 ass bitch
@NBA2K Absolute 20 ass bitch
"Cmon  @NBA2K_MyTEAM we are in middle July
"Cmon @ NBA2K _ MyTEAM we are mid-July
"Cmon @ N2K _ MyTEAM we are in the middle of July
"Cmon  @NBA2K_MyTEAM we are in middle July
"And Cmon @NBA2K_MyTEAM we now are in middle July
"Cmon @NBA2K_MyTEAM we in in middle east
@NBA2K  fix your shooting please my god
@ NBA2K fix your shooting please my god
@ N2K fix your shoot please my god
@NBA2K  fix your shooting please oh god
@NBA2K fix your shooting and please my good god
@NBA2K fix your problem please my god
"@NBA2K @2KSupport @2K @Ronnie2K @NBA2K_2KTV @Beluba . Your 3-point contest
@ NBA2K @ 2KSupport @ 2K @ Ronnie2K @ NBA2K _ 2KTV @ Beluba. Your 3-point dunk contest is closed. wtf?!
@ N2K @ 2KSupport @ 2K @ Ron2K @ N2K _ 2KTV @ Beluba.
"@NBA2K @2KSupport @2K??? @Ronnie2K @NBA2K_2KTV. Your 3-point contest
"@NBA2K @2KSupport SS @2K SV @Ronnie2K @NBA2K_2KTV SK @Beluba. 0 Your 3 - 1 point contest
"shot @NBA2K @2KSupport jumper @2K dunk. for 3-point contest
@NBA2K take off the double pass bullshii w X bcuhz it’s making me mad
@ nba2k take the double bullshii pass w x bcuhz it makes me angry
@ N2K take off bulls double pass at X bkuchs it makes me crazy
@NBA2K pulls up the double pass bullshii w X bcuhz it’s making me mad
@NBA2K take off toward the double pass bullshii b w X y bcuhz it ’ D s making me mad
them take off the double pass bullshii w<unk> bcuhz it’s makes me mad
@NBA2K_MyTEAM I hate this game I spent 500 and got the victor twice so fuck you @Ronnie2K and fuck 2k I’m not buying the next one fuck this bullshit game
"@ NBA2K _ MyTEAM I hate this game I spent 500 and got the winner twice
@ N2K _ MyTEAM I hate this game I spent 500 and got a make up twice so fuck you @ Ron2K and fuck 2k I don't buy the next fuck this game
@NBA2K_MyTEAM really hate this game I spent 500 and got the victor twice so fuck you @Ronnie2K and fuck 2k I’m not buying the next one paying for bullshit game
@NBA2K_MyTEAM I fucking hate this football game I spent 500 and it got the victor twice so fuck me you @Ronnie2K and fuck You 2k only I ’ m not buying the next one now fuck this this bullshit game
@NBA2K_MyTEAM I hate bad game I spent 500 and got this same twice so fuck you 0 and fuck 2k I’m still buying the next one fuck this bullshit game
@NBA2K u gotta be fucking kidding me pic.twitter.com/TaHsjTCzkE
@ NBA2K u must be damn funny pic.twitter.com / TaHsjTCzkE
@ N2K u gbe fucking kidding me pic.wikipedia.org / TaHsjTCzkE
RhandlerR u gotta be fucking kidding me pic.twitter.com/TaHsjTCzkE
Source RhandlerR u gotta be fucking kidding me pic.twitter.com/TaHsjTCzkE
<unk>
@NBA2K please change it if i lag out it’s a loss i can’t deal with lagging out and it being a loss
"@ NBA2K please change it if I delay
"@ N2K please change it if it's a loss
@NBA2K please block it if i lag out it’s a loss i always deal with lagging out and it being no loss
@NBA2K and please change by it if i lag out it isn ’ s a loss i can tell ’ t deal with lagging out and avoid it being really a loss
@NBA2K please change up if i lag out it’s a loss i can’t deal with lagging in but it being my loss
Not this again

"Again
Not this time
Not this way again
start this again
I DONT WANT PARK HANDLES @Beluba @Beluba @Beluba @Beluba @Beluba @Beluba @Beluba @Beluba @Beluba @Beluba @Beluba @Beluba @Beluba @Beluba @Beluba @Ronnie2K @NBA2K
I do not want parking holds @ Beluba @ Beluba @ Beluba @ Beluba @ Beluba @ Beluba @ Beluba @ Beluba @ Beluba @ Beluba @ Beluba @ Ronnie2K @ NBA2K
I DONT PARK HANDLES @ Beluba @ Beluba @ Beluba @ Beluba @ Beluba @ Beluba @ Beluba @ Beluba @ Beluba @ Beluba @ Beluba @ Beluba @ Beluba @ Beluba @ Beluba @ Beluba @ Beluba @ Beluba @ Beluba @ Beluba @ Beluba @ Beluba @ Beluba @ Beluba @ Beluba @ B
I DONT WANT PARK<unk> @Beluba @Beluba @Beluba @Beluba II @Beluba @Beluba @Beluba @Beluba @Beluba J @Beluba H @Beluba S @Beluba @Beluba
IN I DONT NO WANT PARK HANDLES @Beluba B @Beluba PR @Beluba @Beluba AA @Beluba A @Beluba A @Beluba @Beluba AA @Beluba @Beluba @Beluba @Beluba @Beluba AA @Beluba A @Beluba @Ronnie2K @NBA2K
I DONT WHO PARK R N N 1 @Beluba 2 @Beluba D @Beluba @Beluba @Beluba J @Beluba C @Beluba L @Beluba @Beluba
@NBA2K your  game is so shit like why can’t @russwest44 make a three point shot?
"@ NBA2K your game is so shit
"@ N2K your game is so shit
@NBA2K your  game is so strong – why can’t @russwest44 make a three point shot?
@NBA2K said your ultimate game is so shit like why can don ’ t @russwest44 make a three point half shot?
@NBA2K power game is so shit like why can’t @russwest44 make a simple point conversion?
@2KSupport @NBA2K are you kidding me? But if a whole le team quits you get a forfeit win? How can you penalize a team for not quitting and getting the win? So if your losing just quit the game and it won't count?  
"@ 2KSupport @ NBA2K are you kidding me? But if an entire le team quits
"@ 2KSupport @ N2K do you throw me out? But if an entire team leaves
@2KSupport @NBA2K are you kidding me? But unless a whole le team quits you get a forfeit win? How shall you kick a team for not quitting and getting the win? So if your losing just suck this game and it won't count?
@2KSupport @NBA2K are you kidding me? But if only a goddamn whole le team got quits you get on a forfeit against win? ‖ How can you penalize a team captain for not quitting and getting about the win? So if your losing player just quit the whole game and it won't count?
@2KSupport @NBA2K Are you kidding me? But if a def le team that would get you forfeit win? How should you penalize a team for not quitting and getting the win? So if your losing just<unk> the game and will won't count?
@NBA2K y’all fuck up cause now it’s back to dudes hiding behind screens all day long and ima guard ima tell you that. 
@ NBA2K y'all fuck up cause now's back to dudes hide behind screens long day and ima guard ima tell you that.
@ N2K y'all fuck up cause now it's back to dudes here behind search all day and ima guard ima tell you that.
@NBA2K y’all fuck up cause now it’s back to dudes fucking under screens all day long and ima guard<unk> tell you that.
@NBA2K y its ’ was all fuck up cause now it ’ s its back to dudes guys hiding behind screens all the day long and more ima guard ima tell you that.
@NBA2K y’all fuck up cause now log on to your hiding behind screens open day long and ima love ima tell you that.
@NBA2K my player was deleted for no reason
@ NBA2K my player has been deleted for no reason
@ N2K my player has been removed for no reason
@NBA2K my player was suspended for no reason
@NBA2K my player software was deleted for probably no reason
@NBA2K my player was deleted for no small
"That’s wack
"That's wack
"That's it
"That’s wack
"That ’ s wack
"That’s wack
I thought FUT was bad. NBA2K is far more broken. Absolutely idiotic.
I thought FUT was bad. NBA2K is much more broken. Absolutely stupid.
I thought FUT was bad. N2K is a much more broken system. Absolutely idiotic.
I thought this was bad. NBA2K is far more broken. Absolutely idiotic.
I thought FUT was bad. This NBA2K is maybe far more broken. Absolutely totally idiotic.
I thought music was bad. NBA2K looks far from broken. Absolutely idiotic.
Get rid of block animations and unrealistic layup animations @Beluba @NBA2K  . . store.playstation.com/ 
Away with block animations and unrealistic layup animations @ Beluba @ NBA2K.. store.playstation.com /
Get rid of block animation and unrealistic mock animation @ Beluba @ N2K.. store.playstation.com /
Get rid of block animations and avoid layup animations @Beluba @NBA2K .. stuff.playstation.com/
Get rid of some block animations here and make unrealistic layup loop animations @Beluba @NBA2K.. store. de playstation. de com /
Get rid any negative animations or unrealistic layup toys @Beluba @NBA2K.. store.playstation.com/
@NBA2K @2KSupport @LD2K @Beluba  can y’all please fix this !!! pic.twitter.com/yTZ3HA6Xtf
@ NBA2K @ 2KSupport @ LD2K @ Beluba can y'all fix this please!!! pic.twitter.com / yTZ3HA6Xtf
@ N2K @ 2KSupport @ LD2K @ Beluba can y'all please fix this!!! pic.wikipedia.org / yTZ3HA6Xtf
RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR  can y’all please fix this !!! pic.twitter.com/yTZ3HA6Xtf
2 RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR  can y’all please fix this !!! pic.twitter.com/yTZ3HA6Xtf
you
Stupid doom
Stupid doom scenario
The Silly Duma
Stupid ly
Stupid fucking doom
Stupid Love
Ugly ass
Ugly ass
Ugly ass
Ugly Face
Ugly little ass
Ugly In
I am freddy and i despise dota 2  -  Casey
I am freddy and I despise Dota 2 - Casey
I am freddy and i despise dota 2 - Casey
I distrust freddy and i despise dota 2  -  Casey
Because I too am not freddy and i despise dota 2 - Casey
up am freddy and i despise dota 2 - 6
@DOTA2 @wykrhm  Yo i've been stuck and the gate wont open pic.twitter.com/4iFYQZlFFG
@ dota2 @ wykrhm Yo I'm stuck and the gate won't open pic.twitter.com / 4iFYQZlFFG
@ DA2 @ wykrhm Yo's stuck and the gate won't open pic.fm / 4iFYQZlFFG
RhandlerR RhandlerR  Yo i've been stuck and the gate wont open pic.twitter.com/4iFYQZlFFG
H RhandlerR RhandlerR  Yo i've been stuck and the gate wont open pic.twitter.com/4iFYQZlFFG
you
I hate dota 2
I Hate Dota 2
I hate dota 2
I hate level 2
I hate u dota 2
I hate this 2
Rubick Timber Chain Bug Should be Added Intentionally redd.it/ibkerw  
Rubick Timber Chain Bug should be added intentionally redd.it / ibkerw
The Rubik's Cube error must be corrected.
Rubick Timber Chain : Should be Added Intentionally redd.it/ibkerw
Rubick Car Timber Car Chain Rod Bug Should be Added Intentionally redd. Leave it / r ibkerw
Indoor Timber Chain Bug Should be Used Intentionally redd.it/ibkerw
"World of Bullets LP - World of Warcraft crossed with DOTA 2
"World of Bullets LP - World of Warcraft crossed with DOTA 2
"World of Bullets LP - World of Warcraft has crossed over from DOTA 2
"World of Bullets LP - World of Warcraft crossed with DOTA 7
"See World Theatre of Bullets LP - World Theater of Warcraft crossed with comet DOTA 2
"World is Bullets LP - World of Angels crossed with DOTA<unk>
Bunch of losers smh
Bundle of losers smh
A bunch of scoundrels
Bunch of odd smh
The Bunch of losers smh
Bunch<unk> losers smh
After all these years of development. The one thing @DOTA2  team were never able to resolve is this. pic.twitter.com/DMTcsOTt7O
"After all these years of development
"After all these years of development
After all these years of development. The one thing RhandlerR  team were never able to resolve is this. pic.twitter.com/DMTcsOTt7O
The After all these years of development. The one thing RhandlerR  team were never able to resolve is this. pic.twitter.com/DMTcsOTt7O
you
"On this day in 2013
"On this day in 2013
"On this day in 2013
"On this day during 2013
"On this day also in 2013
"through second weekend in testing
Shit
Shit
Shit
Shit
... Shit
Shit
why is huskar a hero in dota 2 and why cant i ever deal with his ass no matter what i do
Why Huskar is a hero in Dota 2 and why I can never handle his ass no matter what I do
why is huskar a hero in dota 2 and why cant i ever deal with his ass no matter what i do
why is nobody a hero in dota 2 and why cant i ever deal with his ass no matter what i play
why is huskar like a hero in dota 2 and why i cant i ll ever not deal with his ass no matter what i might do
why is huskar basically hero of version 2 and why cant i ever deal on his ass no matter what i do
@DOTA2 There is a bug in ability draft.... Couldn't pick corrosive skin. DM if you want match id pic.twitter.com/9l6pUWSM4u
@ DOTA2 There is a flaw in the ability design.... Could not choose corrosive skin. DM if you want game id pic.twitter.com / 9l6pUWSM4u
@ DA2 There is an error in the draft abilities.... Can't pick up corrosive skin.
RhandlerR There is a bug in ability draft.... Couldn't pick corrosive skin. DM if you want match id pic.twitter.com/9l6pUWSM4u
4 RhandlerR There is a bug in ability draft.... Couldn't pick corrosive skin. DM if you want match id pic.twitter.com/9l6pUWSM4u
<unk>
"@DOTA2 quarantine got all dota players fucked up. Fucking quarantine got all brainshitniggets fucktards in one server to fuck everything up. Fuck coronavirus
"@ dota2 quarantine has fucked all dota players. Fucking quarantine has fucked all brainshitniggets on a server to fuck everything. fuck coronavirus
"@ DA2 quarantine made all dota players fuck. Fucking quarantine made all brainshithniggates fuck on one server to fuck everything in a row. Fuck coronavirus
"@DOTA2 ] got all dota players fucked up. Fucking quarantine got all brainshitniggets put under one place to fuck everything up. Fuck hydra
"@DOTA2 quarantine got all dota players fucked up. Mr Fucking state quarantine provider got all brainshitniggets or fucktards in a one server to fuck all everything shit up. Fuck coronavirus
"@DOTA2 it was all twitter players fucked up. Fucking quarantine got all brainshitniggets fucktards in main server to fuck everything up. Fuck coronavirus
"Guys
"Guys
"Guys
"Guys
"Guys
"Guys
"Valve
"Valve
"Valve
"Valve
"Valve
"Valve
Dad jokes:(
Dad jokes: (
Dad jokes: (
Dad Maxwell
Dear Dad jokes : (
of jokes:(
Just had like 10 games fail to start @DOTA2  rip me
Had just like 10 games not to start @ dota2 rip me apart
Just how 10 games failed to start @ D2 tore me apart
Just had like 10 games fail to start to  rip me
You Just had like 10 games if fail to start @DOTA2 rip me
Just had like 10 games back to start emotionally rip me
"the thing about dota 2 is that it kicks ass and i will never
"The special thing about Dota 2 is that it kicks its ass and I will never
"the thing about dota 2 is that it kicks ass and i will never
"the thing about dota 2 is that it kicks ass and i will rarely
"the thing about dota my 2 score is probably that it kicks your ass and i will never
"the thing for dota 2 is that it kicks ass and i less likely
Lets see when those worthless @valvesoftware @dota2 @dota2updates admins do something about smurfs.Oh wait they prepare the compedium to take some money.Pathetic.  
Let's see when these worthless @ valvesoftware @ dota2 @ dota2updates administrators do something about Smurfs.
Pilots see when these useless @ valveso2 @ dota2updates admins do something to the smurfs.
Lets see when my worthless evil @valvesoftware @dota2 admins do something about smurfs.Oh wait and prepare the compedium to take some money.Pathetic.
Lets go see also when those worthless commercials @valvesoftware but @dota2 @dota2updates Corporate admins do something rude about smurfs. Oh wait till they prepare the compedium to take some real money. Pathetic.
Lets see when all worthless shit @valvesoftware @dota2 admins post something about smurfs.Oh before you prepare the compedium or take some money.Pathetic.
THE NEXT LEVEL OF RACISM TRASHTALK
THE NEXT RASSISM TRASHTALK
FURTHER STANDARD OF RACISM
THE HIGH LEVEL OF RACISM TRASHTALK
22 THE NEXT LEVEL OF A RACISM AS TRASHTALK
THE 5 LEVEL ST RACISM TRASHTALK
"""Make way to your QUEEN. !"" . Queen of Pain Arcana unlocked at level 455 Battle Pass! Valve had scam my brother for money LMAO 🤑. .  "
"""Make room for your QUEEN!"" Pain Queen Arcana unlocks at level 455 Battle Pass! Valve had cheated my brother out of money LMAO."
"""Make way for your QUEEN!"" The pain queen Arcana is unlocked at level 455 Battle! Valve cheated my brother for LLO money..."
"""Make way to NO QUEEN.!"". World of Dark Arcana unlocked at level 455 Battle Pass! Valve had scam my brother for money LMAO 🤑.."
""" YOU Make way to your QUEEN.! "". Queen Helen of Pain The Arcana unlocked you at level 100 455 1 Battle Pass! Valve had scam my kidnapped brother already for money LMAO [UNK].."
"""Make way to your QUEEN.!"". Raiders of War have unlocked first Tier 455 Battle Pass! Valve players scam my brother for money LMAO <unk>.."
Dear @valvesoftware @DOTA2 why the fuck there is so many smurf account and why the fuck I always get the most stupidest teammate ever?
"Dear @ valvesoftware @ DOTA2
"Dear @ valveso @ DA2
Dear @valvesoftware @DOTA2 Who the hell there is so many smurf account and why the fuck I always get the most stupidest teammate today?
Dear @valvesoftware Yours @DOTA2 why the fuck in there is so many a smurf account and go why after the fuck I would always get the most stupidest teammate ever?
Dear @valvesoftware @DOTA2 why does fuck there is so many smurf account and reason is fuck nobody always get the most memorable teammate ever?
"Hey @DOTA2
"Hi @ DOTA2
"Hey @ D2
"Hey @DOTA2
"¨ Hey @DOTA2
"Hey @DOTA2
"played one game of dota 2 around 2 months ago for shits & giggles and old times' sake
"played a game of Dota 2 about 2 months ago for shit & giggles and for the sake of the old days
"played one game of Dota 2 about 2 months ago for shit and giggles and for the old days that sent me down a rabbit hole in the form of hours of pro-game shots
"played one game in dota 2 DK 2 months early for pain & giggles and tough times' sake
"played one game of la dota 2 around 2 months from ago for shits & more giggles and God old times's sake
"on one game of dota 2 around 9 months ago for shits & for old old times' talk
Literally unplayable bro
Literally unplayable
Literally non-reproducible browser
Literally no bro
33 Literally unplayable bro
an unplayable bro
I see thats why men is trash 🤔 tbh I cant play invoker but im not like those guys that can play but can't win
I understand why men are garbage. tbh I can't play invader but I'm not like the guys who can play but can't win.
I understand why men thrash bh I can't play ingeniously but I don't like those guys who can play but can't win
I see thats why men say trash 🤔 tbh I cant play win but im not one those guys that can play but can't win
So I see thats why men is trash [UNK] tbh if I cant play invoker but im not like those guys guys that 1 can play but a can'T t win
I see thats in men is trash <unk> tbh I cant play invoker but its not much for guys that can play but can't win
Wtf??
Wtf??
Wtf??
Wtf??
The Wtf??
he??
dead game . 
Dead game.
A dead game.
dead game id
Another dead game.
arcade game.
THe blue panda and old tress they just steal much resources and do nonthong messy up and insane  trash and poser hero. . @DOTA2  @icefrog
Ter blue panda and old tress they just steal a lot of resources and do nonthong messy and crazy garbage and poser hero... @ DOTA2 @ icefrog
"""Blue panda and old cod they just steal a lot of resources and don't do thongs but thrash and pose."" @ D2 @ icefrog"
THe blue panda ugly old tress they just steal much resources and do nonthong messy up and insane  trash and no hero.. l  @DOTA2
THe is blue panda and red old tress they just can steal much financial resources and do nonthong messy up and insane trash and not poser hero.. Three @DOTA2 A @icefrog
the cute panda and dragon tress they just steal much resources and a nonthong messy up and cry trash and poser hero.. @DOTA2 @icefrog
Don't understand how the fuck this game gone so long since the score is kinda a stomp
I don't understand why this game has taken so long since the scoreline was kind of a stamping ground
I don't understand how this game went for so long because the score was equal.
Don't understand how every fuck this game gone so long since the score is kinda a stomp
I Don'll t understand how the fuck this game gone on so long since the score is kinda a fucking stomp
Don't understand how the fuck this game gone on long since the score is not a stomp
dont know why @DOTA2 has so many dumbass players that just dont want to learn the game fuck this community
I don't know why @ DOTA2 has so many dumbass players who just don't want to learn the game.
dont know why @ D2 has so many dumbass players that just don't want to learn the game fuck this community
dont know why @DOTA2 has so much dumbass players that just dont want to join the game fuck this community
dont know why these @DOTA2 has them so damn many dumbass players that just... dont want to learn about the game fuck this community
dont know why @DOTA2 has so many dumbass players that certainly dont want to learn the techniques because this community
@Steam  Yo is steam down? Can't play @DOTA2
@ Steam Yo is steam off? Can't play @ DOTA2
@ Steam Yo is steam down? Can't play @ DA2
@Steam  Yo is steam punk? Can't play @DOTA2
@Steam Yo is steam down? and Can'l t he play @DOTA2
this Yo is currently down? Can't play @Steam
@Dota2 horrible servers...time to quit.
@ dota2 terrible server... time to quit.
@ Dota2 terrible servers... time to quit.
@Dota2 horrible servers...time to sleep.
@Dota2 horrible security servers... time has to quit.
@Dota2 horrible servers...time to say.
why is it always drow?:( rip hero with less set
Why is it always drowned?: (rip hero with less set
why is it always drow?: (rip hero with less set
why is it always drow?:( rip fi with less set
why is it always drow? : ( rip the hero with less will set
why is dog always drow?:( rip hero with less eye
@DOTA2 wtf i cant reconnect to the game and lose 30 point mmr WTF? pic.twitter.com/HMAIbroTTg
@ DOTA2 wtf i cant reconnect to the game and lose 30 point mmr WTF? pic.twitter.com / HMAIbroTTg
@ DA2 wtf can't I get back in the game and lose 30 points in WTF? pic.fm / HMAIbrog
RhandlerR wtf i cant reconnect to the game and lose 30 point mmr WTF? pic.twitter.com/HMAIbroTTg
the RhandlerR wtf i cant reconnect to the game and lose 30 point mmr WTF? pic.twitter.com/HMAIbroTTg
of
WTF . 
WTF.
WTF.
WTF??
2016 WTF.
the.
ARCANA VOID
ARCANA VOID
ARCANA VOID
ARCANA 2018
2 ARCANA VOID
ARCANA VOID
@DOTA2 wtf ? u delete sound CEEEB ! holy moly all u delete fucker u gaben . SHIT!!!!
@ dota2 wtf? u delete sound CEEEB! holy moly moly all u delete fucker u gave. SHIT!!!!
@ D2 wtf? u delete sound CEEEB! holy moly all u delete fucker u. SHIT!!!!
@DOTA2 wtf All u delete sound CEEEB! holy moly all u delete fucker u gaben<unk> SHIT!!!!
@DOTA2... wtf? u delete call sound CEEEB! holy God moly at all time u even delete red fucker u gaben. SHIT!!!!
@DOTA2 wtf? u close a loop! holy moly for u delete fucker u gaben. it
Servers are crashing in game now......... WTF Valve?  
Servers crash in-game now... WTF Valve?
Servers are crashing in game now......... WTF Valve?
Servers are crashing in game because WTF Valve?
Web Servers are all crashing in game play now......... WTF ON Valve?
<unk> are crashing on game studios......... WTF Valve?
Delete techies pls fck u @DOTA2
Delete techies pls fck u @ DOTA2
Remove techies pls fck u @ DA2
Delete us pls fck u @DOTA2
Delete techies info pls fck s u @DOTA2
fuck or pls fck u @DOTA2
"@valvesoftware @DOTA2 wtf. my friend played 4 games tonight while I played 11
@ valvesoftware @ DOTA2 wtf. My boyfriend played 4 games tonight while I played 11 games and won 7. I got an ordinary courier and my boyfriend got a total of 63 items in a single drop. What the hell is this shit? You don't love me anymore?
"@ valvesoB @ D2 wtf. My friend played 4 games today while I played 11
"@valvesoftware @DOTA2 wtf. my friend played 4 games alone while I played 11
"@valvesoftware @DOTA2 wtf. my friend played 4 different games tonight while I played in 11
"@valvesoftware @DOTA2 wtf. my friend played 4 games tonight than I played 0
@DOTA2 i said it once I'll say it again.....patch it great just change back the way BOTs work and make TPs 50 gold again
@ dota2 I said it as soon as I'll say it again..... patch it great just change back the way BOTs work and make TPs 50 gold again
"@ DA2 I said it once I'll say it again..... patch it up great
@DOTA2 i said if once I'll say it another it great just change back the way mine work and make TPs 50 gold again
@DOTA2 i said it just once I'll probably say it again........ patch it sound great just change back the way BOTs... work it and make 2 TPs 50 gold again
@DOTA2 i have once again I'll say it today.....patch it or just change way the way BOTs work and make TPs 50 gold again
wtf?
wtf?
wtf?
wtf?
And wtf?
wtf?
Another fcking update
Another shit update
Another preposterous update
Another critical update
Another fcking s update
Another fcking p
"Today marks 5 years since I joined the madhouse that is Level99.. . After spending work time in H2K
"Today
"Today marks 5 years since I joined the madhouse
"Today marks 5 years since I joined the madhouse that is Level99.... After spending work time in H2K
"Today marks 5 great years since and I finally joined the madhouse force that is Level99... com After regularly spending work time in H2K
"Today marks 5 years after I joined the madhouse that is Level99... After crazy work time in H2K
"Damn it
"Damn
"Damn it
"Damn it
"... Damn it it
"Damn it
@DOTA2 do you guys even care about the player base anymore? whats the point of having a 9.8k behaviour score if more than half of my games have toxic ragequitters and tilters in them?
@ DOTA2 Do you care about the player base at all? What's the use of 9.8k if more than half of my games contain toxic rage quitters and dump trucks?
@ DA2 do you guys care more about the player base? What's the point of having a 9.8k score on behavior when more than half of my games contain toxic ragabashniks and tilts?
@DOTA2 do you guys even care about the player base anymore? whats much point of having a 9.8k behaviour score if more than half that the games have toxic ragequitters and tilters ruining them?
@DOTA2 and do you guys even care about the player club base count anymore? whats the point anymore of having over a 9. 8k behaviour score and if more than half of my games have toxic ragequitters and jet tilters walking in amongst them?
@DOTA2 do some guys still care about the player physically anymore? It the point of having a 9.8k behaviour score if more than half a my buddies have toxic ragequitters and tilters in general?
sometimes the high ground is bad redd.it/gfzg3z  
Sometimes the height is bad redd.it / gfzg3z
sometimes the high ground is bad redd.it / gfzg3z
sometimes the high light is bad redd.it/gfzg3z
And sometimes all the high ground is bad redd. it / it gfzg3z
the green high ground is bad redd.it/gfzg3z
True hahaha useless gameplay pos4
True hahaha useless gameplay pos4
True hahaha useless gameplay pos4
True hahaha useless gameplay :)
True hahaha useless gameplay system pos4
True hahaha new gameplay pos4
"Dota Underlords is pretty cool. Being a former Dota 2 player
"Dota Underlords is pretty cool. As a former Dota 2 player
"Dota Underlords is pretty cool. Being a former Dota 2 player
"Dota Underlords is pretty cool. Being a former Dota 4 player
"These Dota Underlords is also pretty cool. Being a former Dota 2 game player
"Dota Underlords is seriously cool. Being a huge copy 2 enthusiast
"server is down
"Server failed
"server does not work
"server completely down
"That server is down
"server is in
@DOTA2 is getting worse
@ DOTA2 is getting worse
@ DA2 getting worse
@DOTA2 slowly getting worse
@DOTA2 is getting worse
thing is getting worse
.@DOTA2 3D Model map is a possible scam (for me)  
. @ DOTA2 3D Model Map is a possible scam (for me)
@ DA2 3D card model is a possible fraudster (for me)
.@DOTA2 Model Model map is a possible scam (for me)
. the @DOTA2 3D Model to map is a possible scam ( for text me )
.@DOTA2 3D Model map represents a possible scam (for humans)
Biggest scam in  
Biggest Fraud
The biggest fraud in the world
Biggest Changes in
20 Biggest scam in
Biggest scam story
What the fuck is wrong with u guys?. @DOTA2
What the hell is wrong with u guys?. @ DOTA2
What the fuck is wrong with u guys?. @ DA2
What the fuck is wrong with u guys?.<unk>
What the fuck else is wrong right with u guys?. @DOTA2
What the fuck was wrong with u here?. @DOTA2
STOP pic.twitter.com/CwGM3OMhMq
STOP pic.twitter.com / CwGM3OMhMq
STPic.fm / CwGM3OMhMq
STOP pic.twitter.com/CwGM3OMhMq
2015 STOP pic.twitter.com/CwGM3OMhMq
to
@DOTA2 If you are not living under a rock or something then you might have seen people having problems with FPS drops in game and game crashes. I hope someone fix it. I dont know the code otherwise i might've done it
"@ DOTA2 If you don't live under a rock or something
"@ DA2 If you don't live under a rock or something then you may have seen people having problems with FPS crashes in the game and gaming disruptions. I hope someone fixes it. I don't know the code
@DOTA2 If you are not living under a rock or tunnel then you might have seen something having problems with FPS s in game and game crashes. I hope someone fix it. I dont know the reason otherwise i might've done it
@DOTA2 If currently you are not living under a rock or something then you also might have seen people having problems with FPS drops in game upgrades and video game console crashes. Well I do hope someone fix it. Unfortunately I dont know the code otherwise i might'o ve done it
above If you are not living under a rock or whatever then you might have seen people having problems with FPS drops in game and game crashes. Ok hope somebody gets one. I dont know the code otherwise i might've done those
Hey @DOTA2 the way you updated the ranks is more confusing than a fucking math book. Can we have just one mmr no matter what you play!? . Ffs.
Hey @ DOTA2 the way you have updated the rows is more confusing than a damn math book. Can we just have one mmr no matter what you play!?. Ffs.
Hey @ D2 the way you updated the rows is more embarrassing than a fucking math book.
Hey @DOTA2 the way you draw the ranks is more confusing than a fucking math book. Can we have just a mmr no matter what groups play!?. Ffs.
Hey @DOTA2 or the way you updated the ranks lately is more really confusing than typing a fucking math book. Can we have just a one mmr no matter by what you might play!?. Ffs.
Hey @DOTA2 No way you enter the ranks is more confusing than a fucking address book. Can we have just one mmr no idea what you propose!?.<unk>.
"This is
This is what will happen when Lark and Wyvern fall in love.
That's what will happen if Slark and Wilder fall in love.
"This is
"This question is
"This is
"Fuck dota2 community
"Fuck Dota2 Community
"Fuck dota2 community
"Fuck your community
"Fuck dota2 community
"Fuck dota2 community
Why the Hell is my timer ascending  when it should descending  @valvesoftware @DOTA2 @redditdota2 pic.twitter.com/wxuuUlQXA8
Why the hell is my timer going up when it should be down @ valvesoftware @ DOTA2 @ redditdota2 pic.twitter.com / wxuuUlQXA8
Why hell is my ascent when it must go down @ valveso2 @ redditdota2 pic.fm / wxuuUlQXA8
Why the Hell is my timer ascending  when it should descending  RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR pic.twitter.com/wxuuUlQXA8
And Why the Hell is my timer ascending  when it should descending  RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR pic.twitter.com/wxuuUlQXA8
just
Toxic
Toxic
Toxic substances
Toxic
Anti Toxic
Toxic
I can't relate
I can't relate to each other
I can't relate
I could relate
I can't just relate
I can't stand
"the way i can name all
"the way I can name all
"the way i can name all
"the way i can name all
"the way i can name all
"the way i can name all
"@wykrhm @DOTA2  extremely upset with this years battlepass
"@ wykrhm @ DOTA2 extremely annoyed with this year's Battlepass
"@ wykrhm @ DA2 extremely upset by this battle of the years
"@wykrhm @DOTA2  extremely upset with this years battlepass
"@wykrhm @DOTA2 extremely upset with this three years battlepass
"@wykrhm @DOTA2 so upset with next years stuff
Dota2 is broken.
Dota2 is broken.
Dota2 broke down.
Dota2 is updated.
Dota2 itself is broken.
house is broken.
@DOTA2 What is this crap. There's no reason to queue ranked as a support anymore back to All Pick I guess. pic.twitter.com/Fa8EEzpkJX
"@ DOTA2 What crap is this. There's no reason to line up as support
@ DA2 What shit. There is no reason to believe that support is no longer needed All Pick I guest. pic.wikipedia.org / Fa8EzpkJX
RhandlerR What is this crap. There's no reason to queue ranked as a support anymore back to All Pick I guess. pic.twitter.com/Fa8EEzpkJX
and RhandlerR What is this crap. There's no reason to queue ranked as a support anymore back to All Pick I guess. pic.twitter.com/Fa8EEzpkJX
out
This odds for treasures so broken.... Past days at average lvl 1500+ you could have 3-4 ultra rares if u are unlucky but more if u are lucky. That was alright. Now for 65 treasures i got 1 fucking ONE.  So done about this game. Treasure was even delayed for 20 days... Thx @DOTA2
"These odds for treasures so broken.... Past days at an average of Lvl 1500 + you could have 3-4 ultra rare treasures if you are unlucky
This was good. Now for 65 treasuries I got 1 fucking ONE. So did this game. Treasure was even delayed by 20 days... Thx @ DA2
This odds for treasures so broken.... Past days at average level 1500+ i could have 3-4 ultra rares if the are unlucky but more if ya are lucky. That was alright. Now for 65 treasures i got 1 fucking ONE.  So done about your game. Treasure sale even delayed for 20 days... Thx @DOTA2
This odds for treasures so broken.... Past days at average lvl 1500 + treasure you could have 3 - 4 m ultra rares if u are unlucky but more if u are true lucky. That was alright. Now for 65 treasures i only got 1 fucking ONE. So done all about this game. So Treasure 10 was even again delayed indefinitely for 20 days... by Thx @DOTA2
This odds for treasures has broken.... 4 days at my lvl 1500+ you could have 3-4 ultra rares if u are unlucky but neither if u weren healthy. This was alright. Now for 65 treasures i got 1 fucking ONE. So done about this news. Treasure was even delayed about 20 days... Thx it
"Hey
"Hey
"Hey
"Hey
"Hey
"also
you fokin assholes
You fokin assholes
you fokin assholes
you fokin??
you crazy fokin assholes
you fokin on
Wtf . 
Wtf.
Wtf.
Wtf...
14 Wtf.
to.
Dota 2 making league of legends look good rn
Dota 2 makes League of Legends look good
Dota 2 makes the Champions League attractive
Dota 2 making league of challengers look good rn
Dota 2 making it league of legends they look good rn
Dota 2 making league of legends look at rn
vmobile.douyu.com/show/85BAvqx0l…. . and on 43:00 I die and my age disppear? the system is a selfish cheater? @NigmaW33  @DOTA2  @RANDOM. @icefrog
vmobile.douyu.com / show / 85BAvqx0l..... and at 43: 00 I die and my age disappears? the system is a selfish impostor? @ NigmaW33 @ DOTA2 @ RANDOM. @ icefrog
vmobile.douyu.com / show / 85BAvqx0l.... and on 43: 00 I die and my age disappear? the system is a fish cheater? @ NigmaW33 @ DA2 @ RANDOM. @ icefrog
vmobile.douyu.com/show/85BAvqx0l….... on 43:00 I die but my karma increases? the system just a selfish cheater? @NigmaW33  @DOTA2  @RANDOM. @icefrog
vmobile. co douyu. see com / post show / 85BAvqx0l ….. and on watch 43 : 00 I die and did my age disppear? the scoring system is the a big selfish cheater? of @NigmaW33 @DOTA2 @RANDOM.... @icefrog
like.douyu.com/show/85BAvqx0l..... I watch how jobs change and my age increases? the system is a drug cheater? @NigmaW33 @DOTA2 @RANDOM. D
damn
Damned
damn
damn
Holy damn
<unk>
I still dont get it
I still don't get it
I still dont get it
I still really get it
But I still dont get it
I still do get it
Toxic Carry
Toxic substances
Toxic Carry
Toxic Materials
More Toxic Carry
Toxic H
@dota2updates dota matchmaking suck so bad. . . unsure why so difficult for big brainers to sort out. Belly's too big..... not enough brain power.  
"@ dota2updates dota matchmaking suck so bad... unsure why it's so hard for big brains to figure it out
@ dota2updates dota matchmaking suck so bad... unsure why so different for big brains to sort out. Belly's too big..... not enough brain power.
@dota2updates dota matchmaking suck so bad... unsure why so long for big brainers to sort of. Belly's not big..... not enough brain power.
@dota2updates dota matchmaking suck so much bad... unsure why so difficult for such big brainers someone to sort it out. Belly'co s too hell big..... Even not enough solid brain power.
@dota2updates dota matchmaking shit so bad... but why it difficult for adult brainers to sort out. Belly's too thin..... with enough brain power.
PSA:.  @DOTA2 servers are lagging again
PSA:. @ DOTA2 servers lag behind again
PSA:. @ D2 servers are down again
PSA:.  @DOTA2 servers finally lagging again
PSA :. 4 @DOTA2 servers still are lagging again
PSA:. @DOTA2 videos are lagging again
This is so broken..
It's so broken.
This is so broken.
This is so powerful
This wall is so broken..
This sounds so broken..
"@DOTA2 fix ur game please
"@ DOTA2 fix ur game please
"@ DA2 fix our game
"@DOTA2 fix every game please
"@DOTA2 fix ur big game on please
"@DOTA2 fix ur game please
HAHAHA WHAT THE FUCK
HAHAHA WHAT fucking
HAHAHA WHAT THE FUCK
HAHAHA WHAT THE FUCK
17 HAHAHA WHAT THE IT FUCK
HAHAHA WHO THE FUCK
I am egg and i hate dota 2  -  Casey
I'm Egg and I Hate Dota 2 - Casey
I am egg and i hate dota 2 - Casey
I am egg and i hate dota 2 <unk>  Casey
I am this egg and i hate dota room 2 - Casey
I eat egg and i hate dota 2 - Casey
@DOTA2 can u fix the FPS drop that is happening now. I am not playing anymore due to this. Huge lags after the battlepass release!. 
@ dota2 can u fix the fps decline that is happening now. I no longer play for this reason. Huge delays after the Battlepass release!.
@ D2 can u fix the FPS drop that is happening now. I am not playing anymore due to this. Huge lags after the battlepass release!.
@DOTA2 can u fix the FPS bug that s happening now. I im not playing anymore due to this. Huge lags after the battlepass release!.
Damn @DOTA2 can u totally fix the FPS drop so that is really happening now. I so am not playing anymore just due to this. Huge lags after the last battlepass release!.
I help u fix the FPS drop that has happening now. I am not playing anymore due to this. Huge lags after the loading process!.
"@valvesoftware fix your servers
"@ valvesoftware fix your servers
"@ valvesofix your servers
"@valvesoftware fix your input
"unlike @valvesoftware which fix your servers
"@valvesoftware fix new servers
I am a simpleton and i hate dota 2  -  Casey
I'm a simpleton and I hate Dota 2 - Casey
I am a simpleton and i hate dota 2 - Casey
I am a simpleton and i hate dota 2 <unk>  Casey
I am a spoiled simpleton and i hate dota so 2 - Casey
I am a simpleton<unk> i hate dota 2 - 15
Dota is dead?
Is Dota dead?
Is Dot Dead?
Dota Martinez dead?
Dota Black is dead?
Dota White dead?
"$40
"$40
"Prize money for Dota 2 is $418
"$40
"$ 40
"$40
Why did valve fucking change anything about dota 2 it was perfectly fine and now it is ruined and fucking terrible
"Why did Valve Dam change anything about Dota 2
Why the fucking valve didn't change anything in Dot 2 it was fine and now it's ruined and fucking awful
Why did valve fucking change anything about Starcraft 2 it was fucking fine and now it is ruined and fucking terrible
Why did valve that fucking change anything about dota 2 it was perfectly just fine always and now it is ruined and fucking fucking terrible
Why every valve fucking change right about dota 2 it was working fine and now it is ruined and fucking terrible
fuck my life . 
Fuck my life.
fuck my life.
fuck you life.
But fuck my life.
wrecked my life.
I am stabbing and dota 2 smelly  -  Casey
I sting and smelly Dota 2 - Casey
I am stabilizing and dota 2 smelly - Casey
I am stabbing and dota is smelly  -  Casey
I am stabbing and you dota be 2 smelly - Casey
I am stabbing at dota 2 smelly - Casey
Creeps are the most cucked thing in the entire game  
Goosebumps is the most important thing in the whole game
Creeps are the most cucked thing in the entire game
Creeps are the most cucked thing through the entire game
Creeps are being the most cucked thing in and the entire game
Creeps are the most important thing on the entire game
I am totally and smelly dota 2  -  Casey
m totally and smelly Dota 2 - Casey
I am totally and smelly dota 2 - Casey
I am cheap and smelly dota 2  -  Casey
I am totally and just smelly I dota 2 - Casey
9 am totally and smelly dota 2 - Casey
I am smelly and dota 2 smelly  -  Casey
I'm stinky and Dota 2 stinky - Casey
I am smelly and dota 2 smelly - Casey
I am smelly and dota are smelly  -  Casey
I who am smelly and dota 2 i smelly - Casey
I am smelly 2 dota 2 smelly - Casey
@DOTA2 your matchmaking is a pit of shit
@ DOTA2 Your dating is a bullpit
@ DA2 your matchmaking is a pit of crap
@DOTA2 your matchmaking is a pit less shit
@DOTA2 your matchmaking is a great pit of cold shit
@DOTA2 your matchmaking is a pit less shit
TAKE ALL MY FUCKING MONEEEEEEEYYYYY
TAKES MY FICKING MONEEEEEEEYYYY
TAKE ALL MY FUCKING MONEEEEYYYYYY
TAKE OUT MY FUCKING MONEEEEEEEYYYYY
TAKE AT ALL IS MY IS FUCKING ON MONEEEEEEEYYYYY
TAKE ALL MY<unk> SA
pain. @DOTA2 pic.twitter.com/S6EE5HozPZ
Pain. @ DOTA2 pic.twitter.com / S6EE5HozPZ
@ DA2 pic.wikipedia.org / S6EE5HozPZ
pain. RhandlerR pic.twitter.com/S6EE5HozPZ
and pain. RhandlerR pic.twitter.com/S6EE5HozPZ
can
Unpopular opinion: Valve would listen to our complains more if we didn't complain about everything all ye...  
Unpopular Opinion: Valve would listen more to our complaints if we didn't complain about everything you want...
Unpopular opinion: Valve would have listened to our advice more if we hadn't complained about everything...
Unpopular opinion: It would listen to our complains more if we didn't complain about it all ye...
Unpopular opinion : maybe Valve would listen to our petty complains more patiently if we didn's t complain more about everything all ye...
Unpopular opinion: They would listen before our complains more if we didn't complain over everything all ye...
Dude fucking battle passa please
Dude fucking battle passa please
"dude fucking pass fight
Dude fucking battle passa '
What Dude fucking battle passa please
Dude fucking even passa please
and i cant even get a lvl 1 battle pass. life is unfair . 
t even get a lvl 1 fight pass. Life is unfair.
and I can't even get 1 combat pass. Life is unfair.
and i cant even get a season 1 battle pass. life is unfair.
and i cant even get past a lvl minus 1 battle pass. life itself is unfair.
and i cant even get into lvl 1 hour pass. life is precious.
@DOTA2 @Steam  queue for match -> accept found match -> game shows me the reconnect/abandon option but nothing happens when I try to reconnect for ~1min then kicks me out and disables my matchmaking 🤔
"@ DOTA2 @ Steam queue for match - > find match accept - > game shows me the option reconnect / abandon
@ D2 @ Steam File for match - > accept found match - > game shows me the reconnect / abandon option but nothing happens when I try to reconnect for ~ 1min then kinds me out and disabled my matchmaking.
@DOTA2 @Steam  queue for match -> accept accept match -> game shows on the reconnect/abandon option but nothing happens<unk> I try to reconnect for ~1min then kicks me out and disables my matchmaking thread
I @DOTA2 @Steam queue waiting for match - > accept my found match - > game shows provides me the reconnect / abandon option but nothing significant happens when I try successfully to reconnect for ~ n 1min then kicks me both out and disables... my other matchmaking [UNK]
use @DOTA2 queue for long -> accept found match -> game shows me to reconnect/abandon option but nothing happens but the try to reconnect for ~1min and kicks it out and disables any matchmaking <unk>
wtf
wtf
wtf
wtf
She wtf
wtf
"Please @DOTA2 bring back AOE grave on dazzle
"Please @ DOTA2 bring AOE Grab back to screens
"Please @ DA2 bring the AOE grave back to double-double
"Please @DOTA2 bring back AOE grave to dazzle
"Please @DOTA2 and bring back AOE grave on dazzle
"Please @DOTA2 bring back my grave on you
"Rarely happens
"This is rare
"Rarely
"Rarely happens
"And Rarely just happens
"everything happens
"With a less then 4% pick rate
"With a pick rate of less than 4% and a catastrophic win rate. Is Medusa the worst hero of this patch? If not
"Is Medusa the worst hero of this patch? If not
"With a more then 4% pick rate
"With probably a further less than then 4 % pick rate
"With a less then 4% pick rate
Oh. Shit.
"Oh
Oh. Shit.
Oh. Okay.
Oh. of Shit.
Right. Shit.
Wtf
Wtf
Wtf
Wtf
119 Wtf
you
fucked up that last night I had a dream about the Magic Stick from Dota 2
fucked up that last night I had a dream about the Magic Stick from Dota 2
fucked up that last night I had a dream about the Magic Stick from Dota 2
fucked up that last night Adam had a dream about the Magic Stick from Dota 2
fucked right up that last night I actually had a dream somewhere about the Magic Stick from Dota 2
fucked up that last time I had a dream about the Crystal Stick from Dota 2
Wow its so dark i cant see anything here
"Wow
Wow its so dark i cant see anything here
Wow its getting dark i cant see anything here
Wow its get so dark i mean cant see anything here
Wow its so dark i wanna see anything here
@DOTA2 hey instead of releasing skins how about you fix the massive fps drops when dark seer uses vac+wall
"@ dota2 hey
"@ DA2 hey instead of skinning off
@DOTA2 hey instead of releasing skins how about you expect the massive fps drops when his seer uses vac+wall
@DOTA2 hey see instead of releasing skins mean how about you fix the many massive fps power drops when a dark seer uses vac + wall
@DOTA2 and instead of releasing patches how about a fix some massive fps drops when dark seer uses vac+wall
Crazy how  bad valve fucked up dota that even when everyone is trapped inside dota still cant get 600k players.
Crazy how bad valve damn dota that even if everyone is trapped inside dota still does not get 600k players.
"How bad the valve fucked the dote that even when everyone is trapped inside the dote still can't get 60
Crazy how  bad valve fucked up dota that even when everyone is trapped inside dota still cant get 600k play.
Crazy how bad valve fucked this up dota that looks even though when some everyone inside is trapped inside dota still cant get 600k players.
Crazy how bad valve fucked to dota that even when heat is trapped inside dota still they get 600k and.
"given the talent/form/pricing
"Given the talent / form / prize
"Given the talent / form / pricing
"given the talent/form/pricing
"And given it the talent / form / pricing
"given to talent/form/pricing
Wtf is this
Wtf is this
Wtf is this
Wtf is …
Wtf issue is this
Wtf was this
"i dont see ""Find Game"" button. u see anywhere ? @DOTA2 pic.twitter.com/sGtk1rBTwa"
"i dont see ""Find Game"" button. u see anywhere? @ DOTA2 pic.twitter.com / sGtk1rBTwa"
"I don't see the ""Find a game"" button. Do you see it anywhere? @ D2 pic.fm / sGtk1rBTwa"
"i dont see ""Find Game"" button. u see anywhere ? RhandlerR pic.twitter.com/sGtk1rBTwa"
"J i dont see ""Find Game"" button. u see anywhere ? RhandlerR pic.twitter.com/sGtk1rBTwa"
you
$1000 wasted
$1000 wasted
"$1
$1000 Daily
$ 2 1000 wasted
$1000 for
"Fucking hell
"Damn it
"Fucking hell
"Fucking hell
"Fucking hell
"Fucking hell
FUCK MY TEAM OI WHY U GUYS DO THIS TO ME @valvesoftware @DOTA2?
FUCK MY TEAM OI WHY U GUYS THIS TO ME @ valvesoftware @ DOTA2?
FUCK MY TEAM OI WHY U GUYS DO THE TO ME @ valvesoD @ DA2?
FUCK MY TEAM<unk> WHY U GUYS DO THIS TO T @valvesoftware @DOTA2?
TO FUCK YOU MY TEAM OI WHY B U GUYS DO YOU THIS W TO ME @valvesoftware R @DOTA2?
<unk> MY TEAM OI K U GUYS SA THIS TO ME AT @valvesoftware?
Wtf so broken...
Wtf so broken...
Wtf so broken...
Wtf so …
Wtf so was broken...
<unk> so broken...
Our game is too good for this to be a reality that we should have to struggle with :(
Our game is too good to make this a reality that we should have to contend with: (
Our game is too good to be a reality that we will have to deal with: (
Our game is sufficiently good for this to be a reality that we should have to struggle with :(
Our game is too good for exactly this to be a reality one that we should too have to constantly struggle with : (
Our culture is this good for this to be a reality that Kids should have to struggle with :(
this the last time im wasting my time on dota 2
This is the last time I waste my time with Dota 2
this the last time im wasting my time on dota 2
this the last time im wasting my time on Starcraft 2
this the last time im wasting I my bloody time on dota 2
this the last time im wasting my time on dota chick
words cannot explain how much i hate dragon age's combat it feels like im playing dota 2 alone and all four of me are bad at it
"Words can't explain how much I hate the fight of the dragon age
words cannot explain how much i hate dragon age's combat it feels like im playing dota 2 alone and all four of me are bad at it
words cannot explain how much im hate dragon age's combat it feels like im playing dota 2 alone and all four of i are bad at it
words cannot explain how much i hate being dragon over age's mind combat it feels rather like im playing dota or 2 alone and all four of me are having bad at it
words cannot explain how on i hate 4 age's combat its feels like im playing dota 2 alone and all four of me are rubbish at it
"most amount of fun you can get out of a moba is booting up dota 2 for the first time to see what all the fuss is about and then you shit your bones out when the valve guy turns around and stares into your soul. you can uninstall the game after that
"The greatest fun you can get from a Moba is to start Dota 2 for the first time
"After that
"most amount of fun you can get out of a moba is booting up dota 2 for a first time to see what all the fuss is about … then you rip its ass out when the valve guy turns sideways and stares into your soul. you can uninstall the game after that
"most amount of fun what you can get out of running a moba stadium is like booting up as dota 2 for the first time trying to see again what all the fuss is about and then you shit your fucking bones out when the valve guy turns around casually and stares into through your soul. you can uninstall the game after that
"most amount of fun you can squeeze out as a moba is booting up dota 2 for the first time to discover what all the fuss is for and only you check my bones out when the valve guy turns white or stares into your soul. you can uninstall the game after that
sad

Sad
sad
Very sad
and
"@valvesoftware @dota2 IF YOU ARE NOT READY TO DROP BP DONT DO IT.WORTHLESS DEVELOPERS YOUR MISERY SERVERS ARE DOWN
"@ valvesoftware @ dota2 IF YOU ARE NOT READY
"@ valvesoD @ dota2 IF YOU ARE NOT READY TO DROP BP DONT DO IT.WORTHLESS DEVELOPERS YOUR MISERY SERVERS ARE DOWN
"@valvesoftware @dota2 IF U ARE T READY TO DROP BP DONT DO IT.WORTHLESS DEVELOPERS YOUR MISERY SERVERS ARE DOWN
"And @valvesoftware... @dota2 IF YOU ARE NOT READY TO YOU DROP BP DONT DO UN IT. WORTHLESS DEVELOPERS ON YOUR MISERY and SERVERS WHO ARE DOWN
"THE @valvesoftware IF THAT ARE THIS READY TO DROP THE DONT AND THAT.WORTHLESS DEVELOPERS and MISERY SERVERS ARE DOWN
Typical toxic sea server
Typical poisonous sea server
A Dangerous Toxic Marine Server
Typical shallow sea server
Typical toxic organic sea server
this toxic sea server
"At this point
"At this point
"For the moment
"At this point
"» At this end point
"At this point
"Due to lack of players
Due to the lack of players I am forced to play Dota 2 again to represent PUPCOL.
"Due to a lack of players
"Due to lack of players
"Notes Due mainly to lack thereof of players
"Due to lack more income
i admit nothing but my sadness that you're gone
I admit nothing but my sadness that you are gone
i admit nothing but my sadness that you're gone
i admit nothing about my sadness that you're gone
i admit nothing but my sadness thinking that you're only gone
i admit nothing but sincere sadness that you're gone
What in the ass...?
What in the ass...?
What's in the ass...?
What in chicken ass...?
What happened in the ass...?
What in the hell...?
God when 🥺
"God
God when
God when...
God disappears when [UNK]
God Almighty <unk>
what the fuck
What the hell?
what the fuck
what fucking fuck
what the old fuck
was the fuck
I guess you haven’t seen the price of PS5. Babe you’re insulting that Machine beside you . 
"I don't think you've seen the price of the PS5. Babe
"I don't think you've seen the price of the PS5. Baby
I guess we haven’t seen the price of PS5. Babe you’re insulting old Machine beside you.
And I guess you just haven ’ t seen the price of PS5.... Babe you so ’ re insulting that Machine beside you.
I kid you haven’t noticed final price of PS5. Babe you’re insulting that Machine beside you.
tfw you save up for a ps5 but legit nowhere has any left to preorder pic.twitter.com/7VmLkQoKQ9
tfw you're saving for a PS5 but legit has nowhere else to pre-order pic.twitter.com / 7VmLkQoKQ9
tfw you save up for a H5 but legit nowhere has any left to preorder pic.google.com / 7VmLkQoKQ9
tfw you save up for a ps5 but legit nowhere has any left to preorder pic.twitter.com/7VmLkQoKQ9
T tfw you save up for a ps5 but legit nowhere has any left to preorder pic.twitter.com/7VmLkQoKQ9
are
wtf I’m going to have to reinforce my desk to support this
wtf I will have to strengthen my desk to support this
wtf I'm going to use my desk to support this
wtf I’m going to have to reinforce my desk to support :-)
wtf that I ’ wasn m going to have to reinforce all my desk to support this
wtf I’m going to have to reinforce whole desk to accommodate this
Rip
Rip-off
Rip
Rip
Golden Rip
an
 . My girl trippin over the cost of the new ps5:. . Me: pic.twitter.com/vhD6thLP16
. My girl stumbles across the cost of the new PS5:. Me: pic.twitter.com / vhD6thLP16
My girlfriend stumbled over the price of a new 5-inch model:........................................................................................................................................................................................................................
 . My girl trippin over the cost of the new ps5:. . Me: pic.twitter.com/vhD6thLP16
The  . My girl trippin over the cost of the new ps5:. . Me: pic.twitter.com/vhD6thLP16
<unk>
"I love PlayStation in general. They always have my type of exclusives
"I love PlayStation in general. They always have my kind of exclusivity
"I love PlayStation in general. They always have my type of exclusives
"I love PlayStation in fact. They always have my type of exclusives
"I love your PlayStation in general. They always have my type of exclusives
"do love them in general. They always take my type of exclusives
holy fuck. 
Holy fuck.
holy fuck.
holy symbols.
holy... fuck.
The fuck.
i think that this PS5 behavior shit shining light on the fact that we want it cause its free not cause we cannot get it our selves who does not like free
"I think that this behavior of the PS5 casts a clear light on the fact that we want it to be free
i think that this PS5 behaves shit shining light on the fact that we want it cause its free not cause we cannot get it our own who does not like free
i think that this PS5 patch shit shining light on our fact that we want it cause its free not cause we cannot get it our selves who does not want free
i think of that this PS5 behavior shit shining light on the fact so that we want it cause its free freedom not cause we cannot get it our human selves who do does what not like free
i think maybe this PS5 behavior shit shining light on the fact its we want its cause its free on cause we cannot get it our selves who does not has free
BRO THAT LOOKS FUCKING STUPID  
BRO THAT SEES FICKING STUPID
BRO THE LOOKS FUCKING STUPID
BRO HE LOOKS FUCKING STUPID
BRO ONE THAT LOOKS IN FUCKING THE STUPID
BRO THAT LOOKS TO STUPID
I'm tired of Sony fk sht.
I'm sick of Sony fk sht.
I'm tired of Sony fk sht.
I'm out of Sony fk sht.
I'm being tired much of Sony fk sht.
that'm tired of Sony fk sht.
Miles getting his own game! I know im bout 12 hours late on this ps5 shit but i lost my shit over RE8 at work with my coworkers then decided to peep the rest at home. Rachet & clank has always been sick & this shit look eveb crazier.
"Miles gets his own game! I know I was 12 hours late on this PS5 shit
Miles getting his own game! I know im bout 12 hours late on this 5 shit but i lost my shit over RE8 at work with my cooperates then decided to pear the rest at home. Rachel & clank has always been sick & this shit look ever crazier.
Miles getting his own game! I knew im bout 12 hours late on this ps5 shit but Im boiled my shit over RE8 at work with three coworkers then decided t peep the rest at home. Rachet & clank has always been sick & this shit look eveb now.
Miles wants getting his own game! 7 I know im bout 12 hours get late on feeling this ps5 shit but i lost my shit over RE8 at work and with my coworkers then I decided to go peep the rest of at home. Rachet & clank has it always bad been sick & this shit look eveb crazier.
Miles getting his own game! I realised im usually 12<unk> late on some ps5 shit but i lost my shit over RE8 at work with my coworkers then decided to peep the rest at home. Rachet & Jenny<unk> always really really make this shit look eveb crazier.
Pls don’t buy digital it’s not worth it
Pls don't buy digital it's not worth it
"Plz don't buy digital
Pls dont buy digital it’s not worth it
Pls don ’ t automatically buy digital and it ’ s not worth it
Pls don’t buy digital it’s not what it
waow all these ps5 games are retracting their announcements for pc ports surely these are all just coincidental mistakes :o
"When all these PS5 games withdraw their announcements for PC ports
"waow all these 5 games are redesigns of their announcements for PC ports
waow<unk> these ps5 games are retracting their announcements for pc ports surely these are all just coincidental mistakes :-)
They waow all these ps5 games users are retracting their announcements for pc ports surely And these are all just coincidental launch mistakes : x o
waow all these ps5 games are retracting such announcements for pc ports that these aren merely just coincidental mistakes :o
ps5 kinda ugly doe. 
Some kind of ugly deer.
5 ugly ugly doves.
ps5 kinda ugly here.
ps5 Some kinda ugly doe.
ps5 kinda of doe.
the controller so ugly wyf
the controller so ugly wyf
such an ugly vif
the controller so be wyf
the big controller so ugly wyf
the not so ugly wyf
Y’all done took this PS5 debacle too far... pic.twitter.com/tVwfllKjKE
Y'all done this PS5 debacle went too far... pic.twitter.com / tVwfllKjKE
Y'all done take this PS5 debate too along... pic.wikipedia.org / tVwflllKjKE
Y’all done took this PS5 debacle too far... pic.twitter.com/tVwfllKjKE
from Y’all done took this PS5 debacle too far... pic.twitter.com/tVwfllKjKE
would
Idgi . 
Yikes.
Idgi.
Idgi 7
asked Idgi.
3.
Smh

Smh
Smh
15 Smh
Smh
"This is a bad idea
"This is a bad idea
It's a bad idea to at least make it available for storage so I can move on to O.
"This is a fantastic idea
"This is a bad idea
"This is a bad decision
This is disgusting . 
It's disgusting.
It's disgusting.
This is code.
This place is disgusting.
This very disgusting.
y’all should stop spoiling trash bc it’ll stink either way🤩
y'all should stop spoiling rubbish bc it's going to stink one way or the other
y'all should stop poring trash bc it'll smink either way
y’all gotta stop dumping trash bc it’ll stink either way🤩
y t ’ all should stop spoiling trash bc it ’ ll stink a either a [UNK]
y’all as avoid spoiling trash bc it’ll stink either way<unk>
damn the ps5 only like 12 virgils .  pic.twitter.com/xC1eyDerAJ
damn the PS5 just like 12 Virgines. pic.twitter.com / xC1eyDerAJ
Curse of the Five as Only 12 Virgins. pic.wikipedia.org / xC1eyDerAJ
damn the ps5 only like 12 virgils .  pic.twitter.com/xC1eyDerAJ
with damn the ps5 only like 12 virgils .  pic.twitter.com/xC1eyDerAJ
by
Fuck it. Who trynna be like this
Fuck it.
Fuck it. Who trynna be like this
Fuck feminists. Who trynna be like this
Fuck it. Who trynna be happy like this
Fuck it. Who trynna be like that
PlayStation's were always known to be the best looking consoles... what the fuck is this?
PlayStation's have always been known to be the best looking consoles... what the hell is that?
PlayStation's have always been considered the most beautiful consoles... what is this nonsense?
PlayStation's were always known to be the best looking consoles... what the fuck gets this?
Since PlayStation'n s were always known all to be the best looking consoles... what the fuck is behind this?
PlayStation's were always known to be the best looking guns... then the logic is this?
I'M THINKING OF SCAMMING SOMEONE'S GIRL AND SELLING THEM MY CONSOLE AND TELL HER IT'S A PS5 . 
I THINK TO SHAME GIRL A GIRL and SELL MY CONSOLE AND SELF A PS5.
I'm thinking about making a joke about the sommelier and taking a selfie with him and telling him it's a PS5.
I'M THINKING AFTER SCAMMING SOMEONE'S GIRL AND SELLING THEM MY CONSOLE AND TELL HER HERE'S A WORLD.
15 I'M THINKING OF SCAMMING SOMEONE'W S S GIRL AND IF SELLING THEM IN MY A CONSOLE AND TELL IS HER IT'S S with A PS5.
AM'M THINKING OF SCAMMING SOMEONE'S IP AND SELLING HI MY Love BUT TELL HER WHAT'S THIS PS5.
That's it ps5 controller is cancelled
That's it with the PS5 controller
So the 5% barrier is being abolished
That's what ps5 controller is cancelled
That's it the ps5 controller is cancelled
That's it ps5 controller is that
Smh too bad
What a pity.
Smh too bad
Smh tasted bad
Smh too was bad
Smh too I
Fuuuuck me . 
Fuuuuuck me.
Fuuuuck me.
Fuuuuck it.
Like Fuuuuck me.
just me.
LIES!!
LIE!!
LS!!
LIES!!
More LIES!!
that
The ps5 looks like someone stuck it in the microwave for too long
The PS5 looks like someone has stuck it in the microwave for too long
A fiver looks like someone has stuck it in the microwave for too long
The ps5 looks like someone stuck it in the oven for too long
The ps5 cell looks like someone stuck it in the microwave for too damned long
The ps5 looks like someone stuck around in the microwave for too far
Fucks wit it
Fuck it
Fucks wit it
Fucks worth it
it Fucks wit it
Fucks with it
"I can only ever read ""PS5"" as ""piss"""
"I can only read ""PS5"" as ""pissing"""
"I can only ever read ""PS5"" as ""piss"""
"I can only ever spell ""PS5"" as ""piss"""
"however I can only ever read "" PS5 "" as "" red piss """
"I can hardly ever read ""PS5"" or ""piss"""
okay now we can  have shit
"Okay
okay now we can have shit
okay and we can  have shit
okay now together we can have shit
say now we can have shit
"Aww that’s a shame
"Aha
"It's a shame
"Aww that’s a shame
"Aww and that shit ’ s a shame
"Aww What a shame
Fuck a Xbox and PS5...I’m getting a SouljaStation
Fuck a Xbox and PS5... I get a SouljaStation
Fuck a Xbox and PS5... I'm getting a SouljaStation
Fuck the Xbox and PS5...I’m getting a SouljaStation
Fuck a Xbox and PS5... I think ’ m getting her a damned SouljaStation
Fuck a Xbox Sony PS5...I’m getting my SouljaStation
"Oops
"Oops
"Oh
"Oops
"Oops
"Oops
Nothing really worth getting a ps5 at launch tbh. Really average till demon’s souls.
Nothing really worth a PS5 at launch tbh. Really average to demon souls.
"In fact
Nothing really worth getting after ps5 at launch tbh. Really average till May souls.
Nothing really worth getting or a ps5 test at launch tbh. Really average till demon queen ’ s nine souls.
Nothing like worth getting in ps5 at points tbh. Really average till demon’s souls.
Well this aged poorly very quickly
"Well
Well it's aging very quickly
Well this aged poorly very shortly
Well this aged poorly very much quickly
Well this aged poorly very slowly
I do not play video games .  . The ps5 doesn’t stimulate me at all . 
I don't play video games... The PS5 doesn't stimulate me at all.
I don't play video games... I don't care about the top five at all.
I do not play video games. . The ps5 doesn’t stimulate power in all.
I do absolutely not play video games.. 26 The ps5 cell doesn ’ t stimulate me at all.
I do not play video games.. The ps5 doesn’t call me anymore anytime.
Don’t care I’m not buying this crap until the PS5 Pro comes out.
"Never mind
"Don't worry
Don’t tell I’m not buying another crap until the PS5 Pro comes out.
Don ’ t I care I ’ m not already buying inside this crap until the PS5 Pro comes out.
you care I’m not buying this crap until the PS5 Pro sells out.
I just now noticed the PS5 Media Remote has unlabeled buttons...does that reflect what it actually looks like or did they blank out those buttons for press images to avoid spoiling something they weren’t ready to talk about yet? pic.twitter.com/Zif2FNDUad
"I just noticed that the PS5 Media Remote has unlabeled buttons... does that reflect what it actually looks like
"I just noticed that the PS5 Media Remote has unmarked buttons... does that reflect what it really looks like
I just now noticed the PS5 Media Remote has unlabeled buttons...does that reflect what it actually looks like or did they blank out those buttons for press images to avoid spoiling something they weren’t ready to talk about yet? pic.twitter.com/Zif2FNDUad
Project I just now noticed the PS5 Media Remote has unlabeled buttons...does that reflect what it actually looks like or did they blank out those buttons for press images to avoid spoiling something they weren’t ready to talk about yet? pic.twitter.com/Zif2FNDUad
in
all this ps5 convo is annoying y’all ain’t tired ?
All these PS5 combinations are annoying y'all ain't tired?
Are all these 5 convoys annoying and tiresome?
all this ps5 convo is annoying ya ain’t tired?
all this ps5 convo talk is all annoying y ’ all ain ’ t so tired?
all our ps5 stuff is annoying y’all ain’t we?
"That’s dead how it be
"So it is: Let's wait until the ""PS5 slim"" is"
"It's Dead As It Is
"That’s not how it be
"That ’ s only dead how it be
"is dead how it be
Why are Sony being such dicks about releasing PS5 info.. Just over 2 months from launch.. No price.. No release date.. No pre order info.. Just doesn't add up.. @PlayStation You are blowing this like a $5 whore.
Why are Sony such cocks at the release of PS5 information.. Just over 2 months after launch.. No price.. No release date.. No pre-order information.. Just does not add up.. @ PlayStation you blow this like a $5 whore.
Why is Sony so anxious about PS5 information.. A little more than 2 months since launch.. No price.. No release date.. No pre-order information.. Just doesn't add up.. @ PlayStation You're blowing it up like a whore for $5.
Why are Sony being such dicks about this PS5 info.. Just over 2 months since launch.. No price.. No release.. No pre orders info.. Just doesn't add up.. @PlayStation You are blowing this like fucking $5 whore.
Why are your Sony being such dicks about not releasing PS5 info.. Just went over like 2 months from launch.. m No price.. No release date.. No pre order order subscription info.. m Just doesn't add up.. @PlayStation You guys are blowing this like a $ Top 5 whore.
Why are Sony being in dicks about releasing PS5 6.. Everything seems 17 months from launch.. Then price.. No release number.. No pre order info.. Just doesn't add up.. And You are blowing this like at $5 whore.
Fuck the PS5 what I gotta do for the Xbox X Series .  ..
"Shit on the PS5
Fuck the PS5 what I gdo for the Xbox X Series...
Fuck the PS5 what I gotta do for Sony Xbox X Series. ..
Fuck the PS5 And what does I gotta do for the Xbox X Evolution Series...
Fuck This PS5 is I gotta do for the Xbox X Series...
You can't convince me that the PS5 is a new console. That's just shit they made up to sell more plastic.
"They can't convince me that the PS5 is a new console
You can't convince me that the PS5 is the new console. It's just crap they invented to sell more plastic.
You can't convince yourself that the PS5 is a new console. That's just shit being made up to sell more plastic.
9 You can't convince me that the PS5 is a new console. 4 That's actually just huge shit they made up to probably sell more plastic.
You don't convince me that the PS5 is a real console. That's just shit they made here to fit more plastic.
I’m paying for the expensive one. my childhood ain’t complete
I pay for the expensive one. My childhood is not yet over.
I pay for expensive things.
I’m paying for the expensive one. my childhood ain’t ready
I ’ m paying for the least expensive one. my childhood ain ’ now t quite complete
went only for the expensive one. my childhood ain’t complete
Damn
Damned
The Curse
Damn
This Damn
Damn
This is somehow the worst packaging for a console I've seen. Why is the box still blue when all of the Playststion 5 art is in white? Also that cover art is so basic...
This is somehow the worst packaging for a console I have ever seen. Why is the box still blue when all the artwork of the Playstation 5 is white? Even the cover is so simple...
Why is the box still blue when all of the Playstsement 5 artwork is white?
This is somehow probably worst packaging for Nintendo console I've seen. Why is one box in blue when all of the Playststion 5 art is in white? Also that cover art is so basic...
And This packaging is somehow the single worst Christmas packaging ever for a console I've seen. Why is there the box still blue when all of the Playststion 5 art is in white? Also that cover sheet art is so freaking basic...
This is somehow a worst box for a console I've seen. Why is the box solid blue when all of the top 5 art is off white? Also that cover art is too basic...
they really said fuck europe lmfao
they really said fuck europe lmfao
"they actually said fuck
they really could fuck europe lmfao
they has really said fuck europe e lmfao
they really know fuck europe lmfao
OMG! Ps5 can't do 4K60FPS.... Series X 4K60FPS confirmed for Far Cry 6.. RIP Ps5 pic.twitter.com/Gl1oOceRX1
OMG! Ps5 can't 4K60FPS.... Series X 4K60FPS confirmed for Far Cry 6.. RIP Ps5 pic.twitter.com / Gl1oOceRX1
OMG! Ps5 can't do 4K60FPS.... The X series 4K60FPS is confirmed for Far Cry 6.. RIP Ps5 pic.fm / Gl1oOceRX1
OMG! Ps5 can't do 4K60FPS.... Series X 4K60FPS confirmed for Far Cry 6.. RIP Ps5 pic.twitter.com/Gl1oOceRX1
The OMG! Ps5 can't do 4K60FPS.... Series X 4K60FPS confirmed for Far Cry 6.. RIP Ps5 pic.twitter.com/Gl1oOceRX1
We
PS5. I don’t like feeling like my dick and balls are falling when I decide to slide it in. You been used to much.
PS5. I don't like to feel like my tail and balls are falling if I decide to push it in.
PS5: I don't like to feel my balls fall when I decide to slide them.
PS5. you don’t like feeling like my dick or balls are falling when I have to slide it in. You been used to much.
PS5. I don aren ’ t like feeling like my dick and hard balls are falling apart when I decide to slide it further in. You been got used too to much.
PS5. I don’t like feeling like our dick and balls am falling when I decide to slide it in. Get been used to it.
You poor

"You
You 6
You be poor
You Think
Nice looking router
Nice-looking router
The Beautiful-Looking Router
Nice looking motor
Nice looking mini router
Nice WiFi router
I’m dead man . 
I'm a dead man walking.
I am a dead man.
I’m a man.
I ’ m dead time man.
I’m dead forever.
These are the people who still conolse wars and are actually serious.. Cmon it's just plastic and shit bruh
"These are the people who are still waging wars and actually mean it.. Cmon
These are the people who still conolse wars and are actually serious.. Cmon it's just plastic and shit bruh
These are the people in still conolse Christianity and are actually serious.. Cmon it's just plastic and shit bruh
These are the people really who still fight conolse wars and are thus actually serious.. Cmon it's just plastic bullets and shit a bruh
These are the men who still conolse wars as are actually serious.. Cmon me's cheap plastic and shit bruh
Boah . 
Boah.
Boah.
Boah Jones
Joseph Boah.
News.
seems inefficient
seems inefficient

seems trustworthy
seems entirely inefficient
seems easy
You broke
You're broke
You broke
You Edit
11 You broke
You know
"Sony if y'all EVER think of making a console this big again
"If Sony ever thinks about making a console that big again
"Sony
"Sony if y'all EVER think of making a console this big again
"the Sony if y'all EVER think of making a console this big again
do
"WTF
"WTF
"WTF
"WTF
"WTF
"WTF
We buy it for the games ps4 got all the exclusives and Xbox is a strong system for 3rd party games I can play on ps5. 🤷. ‍. 
We buy it for the PS4 games and Xbox is a strong system for third-party games that I can play on PS5.
"We buy it for games where 4 got all the exclusivity
We buy it for console games ps4 got all the exclusives and Xbox is a wonderful system for 3rd party games I can play on PC. 🤷. ‍.
Since We buy it for the same games ps4 got all the Internet exclusives and an Xbox is a strong support system for 3rd story party games I can play on ps5. [UNK]..
We buy it for the money ps4 got all the exclusives and Xbox is a strong system what what party PS I could play on ps5. <unk>..
"I smell Xbox One Controller . 
"I smell Xbox One controllers.
I can smell the Xbox One and almost 95% of the community agree and admit to it and... and... and... I LOVE IT (WAY).
"I smell Xbox One Controller.
"I smell Xbox One Controller.
"I A Xbox One Now.
You duhh. 
You duhh.
You duhh.
You choose.
... You duhh.
<unk> duhh.
He thinks RT accounts for the whole of PS5's performance how absurd and disgustingly stupid
"He thinks RT is responsible for the entire performance of the PS5
He believes RT explains the entire PS5 performance by saying how absurd and hideously stupid it is
He thinks RT accounts for the whole of PS5's performance how absurd and plainly stupid
... He thinks RT accounts for the whole process of PS5's performance and how absurd and disgustingly how stupid
me thinks RT accounts for the whole of why's exactly how absurd and disgustingly stupid
Sony said fuck straight lines and edges  
Sony said damn straight lines and edges
Sony says it's fucking straight lines and curbs
Sony said fuck straight tops and edges
Like Sony said fuck straight lines and edges
Sony said fuck straight away and edges
"As far as I'm concerned
"As far as I'm concerned
"As for me
"As far as I'm concerned
"As far as I'm concerned
"so far as I'm concerned
"When setting up your PlayStation 5
"When you set up your PlayStation 5
"When setting up the PlayStation 5
"When setting up your PlayStation 5
"When setting up to your selected PlayStation 5
"When putting up your PlayStation 5
Huge leak. I wonder how Sony will react to this?
I wonder how Sony will react.
I wonder how Sony will react?
Huge leak. I wonder so Sony will react to this?
Huge water leak. I wonder how Sony will react now to this?
Huge leak. I wonder how Sony will take to this?
Dead ass
Dead donkey
The Dead Donkey
Dead lines
9 Dead ass
an ass
95% of the PS5 launch titles look trash. GT7 though . 
"95% of the PS5 launch titles
"95% of PS5 ""s launch headlines look ridiculous."
95% of the PS5 launch titles look trash. GT7 included.
95 % of the Sega PS5 launch titles actually look trash. See GT7 though.
95% on the PS5 launch still look trash. GT7 though.
You’re a terrorist.
You are a terrorist.
You are a terrorist.
You’re the terrorist.
You ’ one re a terrorist.
You’re international terrorist.
PlayStation 5 nice or whatever it.... keep y’all 4 . 
PlayStation 5 nice or whatever.... keep y'all.
PlayStation 5 nice or whatever it.... keep y'all 4.
PlayStation W nice or whatever it.... keep y’all 4.
PlayStation 5 nice... or good whatever it.... keep y ’ and all 4.
PlayStation 5 Wii or whatever it.... For y’all 4.
Can we just talk about how fucking nasty Terrace of the Fang is? It's so gross and creepy how they're on the walls like that.  
"Can we just talk about how damn nasty it is
Can we just talk about how fucking ugly Terrace Fang is? It's as rough and full as they are on the walls like this.
Can we just talk up how insanely nasty Terrace of the Fang is? It's so gross and creepy how they're on concrete walls like that.
Can we just fucking talk now about how fucking nasty Terrace Plaza of the Fang is? It's still so gross and creepy how they'can re on the walls like through that.
before we just talk into how fucking nasty Terrace of the Fang is? It's so gross and creepy how these're on the walls like animals.
tfw battlenet is down so you can’t play warcraft pic.twitter.com/AiB5nrr88H
tfw is down so you can't play warcraft pic.twitter.com / AiB5nrr88H
tfw battleenet is down so you can't play warcraft pic.wikipedia.org / AiB5r88H
tfw battlenet is down so you can’t play warcraft pic.twitter.com/AiB5nrr88H
CS tfw battlenet is down so you can’t play warcraft pic.twitter.com/AiB5nrr88H
a
Imagine trying to play the new raid on classic and servers cant handle it. yikes @Warcraft
"Imagine trying to play the new attack on the classic
"Imagine you're trying to play a new raid on classics
Imagine hacking to play the new raid on classic and servers cant release it. yikes @Warcraft
Imagine trying to play the entirely new software raid on those classic and servers which cant handle it. yikes @Warcraft
Imagine trying it play the new raid on classic core servers cant handle it. yikes<unk>
Good morning sexy people who grew up playing RuneScape. . Bitches who grew up playing World of Warcraft go back to sleep
Good morning sexy people who grew up with RuneScape.. Bitches who grew up with World of Warcraft fall asleep again
"Good morning
Good morning sexy people who grew up playing RuneScape.. Bitches who grew up playing World<unk> Warcraft go back some sleep
Good morning me sexy people you who grew up playing RuneScape.. Bitches who grew up not playing World of Steam Warcraft go screaming back to sleep
Good morning sexy people who grew up learning RuneScape.. Bitches who grew the playing World of Warcraft fall peacefully to sleep
Months later I reinstalled Warcraft 3 to see if the main menu still runs at 3 fps. . Some things never change. 🤡
"Months later
"Months later
Months later I reinstalled Warcraft 3 to see if the lobby menu still runs at 15 fps. :) Some things never change. 🤡
Months passed later I reinstalled Warcraft World 3 to see if the final main menu display still runs at 3 fps.. 25 Some things never completely change. [UNK]
Months later I reinstalled version 3 to Check if the main menu still runs about 60 fps.. Some things never change. <unk>
"You can heavily market and invest in branding yourself as this awesome thing
"You can market yourself and invest heavily to present yourself as this great thing
"You can proactively advertise yourself and invest in branding as great
"You can heavily market and invest in marketing yourself or this amazing thing
"You can heavily screen market ourselves and invest in anyone branding yourself as simply this awesome super thing
"You can heavily market and invest on proving yourself as this fabulous thing
i want to play warcraft but the game keeps crashing and i dont know what to do
I want to play Warcraft but the game keeps crashing and I don't know what to do
i want to play warcraft but the game keeps crashing and i dont know what to do
i want to play warcraft but the game keeps starting and i dont know what to do
i d want everybody to play warcraft too but the game keeps crashing and i dont know what to do
i want the play warcraft but the computer keeps crashing and i dont know anything to do
*NEW VIDEO*. . The Plague that Broke the World of Warcraft. . A pretty interesting story in the history of video game lore... an unexpected plague that even Blizzard didn't know how to handle.... . youtube.com/watch?v=Jvds25… https://t.co/gj0oWokkuC
* NEW VIDEO *.. The Plague that Broke the World of Warcraft.. A pretty interesting story in the history of video game lore... an unexpected plague that even Blizzard didn't know how to deal with..... youtube.com / watch? v = Jvds25... https: / / t.co / gj0oWokkuC
* NEW VIDEO *. The Plague that Broke the World of Warcraft... A pretty interesting story in the history of video game... a costly plague that even Blizzard did not know how to manage..... youtube.com / watch? v = Jv25... https: / / www.co / gj0oWokC
*NEW VIDEO*.. The Plague that Broke Your World Beyond Warcraft.. A pretty interesting story on the history of video game lore... an apocalyptic plague that even Blizzard didn't know how to control. youtube.com/watch?v=Jvds25… https://t.co/gj0oWokkuC]
* CHAPTER NEW VIDEO *.. The Next Plague Effect that finally Broke the World of Heroes Warcraft.. A pretty interesting story in the history of video game game lore... an unexpected plague that even even Blizzard didn't know how to completely handle..... youtube. com / watch? v = 10 Jvds25 … The https://t.co/gj0oWokkuC ]
*NEW YORK*.. The Plague that Broke the World of Games.. A pretty interesting documentary about turbulent waters of video game lore... an unexpected plague the even they didn't know how to handle..... online.com/watch?v=Jvds25...<unk>]
"I'm on the fence about warcraft
"I'm afraid that RTS 'are not for me. It's annoying
"I'm on the fence about warcraft
"I'm in the fence about warcraft
"All I'D m training on the fence about fighting warcraft
"I'm on I fence about warcraft
"@BlizzardCS @Warcraft why cant a multi million
"@ BlizzardCS @ Warcraft Why can't the game of a multimillion
"@ BlizzardCS @ Warcraft Why doesn't a multi-million
"RhandlerR RhandlerR why cant a multi million
"2015 RhandlerR RhandlerR why cant a multi million
and
@WarcraftDevs @Warcraft All these changes yet mongoose bite is still not a default part of a survivals kit. Please make this change as it doesn’t make sense to have 95% picked talent on a row!  
@ WarcraftDevs @ Warcraft All these changes are not yet part of a survival kit by default. Please make this change as it does not make sense to have 95% selected talents in a row!
"@ WarcrackDevs @ Warcraft All of these changes are not yet part of the standard survival kit. Please make this change
@WarcraftDevs @Warcraft All these changes yet mongoose skill is still not a normal part of a survivals kit. Please make this change as it doesn’t make right to have 95% picked talent on each row!
@WarcraftDevs @Warcraft R All these changes are yet mongoose bite is still not a necessarily default part of a survivals kit. Please make this change as it doesn ’ t bloody make sense again to ever have 95 % picked talent signed on at a life row!
@WarcraftDevs @Warcraft All these changes yet mongoose bite is still not a default method of a survivals kit. Why make this change as it not answer any to put 95% picked talent on third row!
@Blizzard_Ent @WarcraftDevs @Warcraft are so afraid of their own community they unlisted the cinematic for the finale of BfA. That Dislike ratio is pretty yikes.  . . youtu.be/yEKkEfIYMEo
@ Blizzard _ Ent @ WarcraftDevs @ Warcraft are so afraid of their own community that they have unsubscribed to the BfA finale.
@ Blizzard _ Ent @ WarcrackDevs @ Warcraft are so afraid of their own community that they didn't include the cinematic for the BfA finale.
@Blizzard_Ent @WarcraftDevs @Warcraft are so afraid of your own community they unlisted every cinematic to the finale in BfA. That Dislike ratio is – yikes. .. youtu.be/yEKkEfIYMEo
@Blizzard_Ent @WarcraftDevs @Warcraft These are so deeply afraid that of the their own community they mistakenly unlisted the best cinematic for the finale of The BfA. That their Dislike ratio is no pretty yikes... youtu. be / u yEKkEfIYMEo
the @Blizzard_Ent Studios were so afraid of their online community they delay the cinematic for possible safety of BfA. That Dislike this is pretty yikes... I.be/yEKkEfIYMEo
Hearthdton > Wow fatos
Hearthdton > Wow!
Heartdton > Wow fatos
Hearthdton > Il fatos
And Hearthdton > Wow fatos
25 > Wow fatos
Everyone tell @warcraft to unblock me it’s been like 5 years pic.twitter.com/HiDJjrf0Kd
"Everyone tells @ warcraft to unlock me
"Everyone says @ warcraft to unlock me
Everyone tell RhandlerR to unblock me it’s been like 5 years pic.twitter.com/HiDJjrf0Kd
A Everyone tell RhandlerR to unblock me it’s been like 5 years pic.twitter.com/HiDJjrf0Kd
your
"I decided to give a chance to Shadowlands @Warcraft !. Although
"I decided to give Shadowlands @ Warcraft! a chance. Although
"I decided to give Shadowlands @ Warcraft! a chance. Although
"I decided to give a chance to Shadowlands Academy!. Honestly
"I have decided to give a chance to Shadowlands @Warcraft!. Like Although
"I decided to give a chance to Shadowlands @Warcraft!. Well
"well that sucks the unexpected gift to me of a world of warcraft shadolands collectors edition has gone just because a dumb site rejected the order twice
"Well
"well
"well that sucks the unexpected ending to me of a world of warcraft shadolands no edition has gone just because a dumb site failed the order twice
"well that just sucks out the unexpected gift to me of a world of warcraft shadolands collectors edition has gone to just because a dumb site rejected on the order one twice
"<unk> that sucks the unexpected arrival to me of a world of rare shadolands collectors collection has gone just because a dumb site rejected the order cause
Harpies are the absolute worst NPCs in World of Warcraft.   
Harpies are the worst NPCs in World of Warcraft.
Harpy is the absolute worst Ns in World of Warcraft.
Harpies are the single worst NPCs in World of Warcraft.
Harpies are the five absolute worst NPCs in World Series of Steam Warcraft.
Harpies are the absolute worst NPCs from World of Darkness.
GET US OUT OF FUCKING BFA @Warcraft
GO US OF FICKING BFA @ Warcraft
GET US OUT OF FUCKING BFA @ Warcraft
GET US OUT OF FUCKING BFA<unk>
GET US IT OUT YOU OF FUCKING AT BFA @Warcraft
GET US OUT A FUCKING BFA Y
"@Blizzard_Ent allying with the Chinese Communist Party was a new low for y'all and will forever tarnish your reputation
"@ Blizzard _ Uniting with the Chinese Communist Party was a new low for y'all and will damage your reputation forever
"@ Blizzard _ Ent alliance with the Chinese Communist Party was a new low for y'all and will forever tarnish your reputation
"@Blizzard_Ent allying for the United Communist then hits a terrible low for y'all and will forever tarnish your idols
"@Blizzard_Ent allying heavily with the Chinese Chinese Communist Party was hitting a new low for y'not all and will forever tarnish your reputation
"@Blizzard_Ent allying with the German Communist Party was a new milestone for y'all it will surely tarnish that character
@Blizzard_Ent @Warcraft @BlizzardCS @ATVI_AB You guys are doing suuuuuch a great job. Telling me you know there are major issues with your game after a patch you talked about forever.... urging me to pay for an expansion... and then telling me you don’t know when you can fix it. https://t.co/c9GFVR7yMC
@ Blizzard _ Ent @ Warcraft @ BlizzardCS @ ATVI _ AB You're doing a great job. Tell me you know there are big problems with your game after a patch you've been talking about forever.... urge me to pay for an expansion... and then tell me you don't know when you can fix it. https: / / t.co / c9GFVR7yMC
@ Blizzard _ Ent @ Warcraft @ BlizzardCS @ ATVI _ AB You guys are doing a great job.
@Blizzard_Ent @Warcraft @BlizzardCS : You guys are just suuuuuch a great job. Telling them you know there are major problems with this game... a patch you talked about forever.... urging people to pay for an expansion... and then telling me you don’t know when you can fix it. https://t.co/c9GFVR7yMC]
@Blizzard_Ent @Warcraft @BlizzardCS @ATVI_AB You guys are doing suuuuuch a great job. Telling me everything you did know... there are several major issues with your game after a final patch you talked about forever.... about urging me to actually pay for an expansion... and then suddenly telling me... you don ain ’ t know when you can fix it. https://t.co/c9GFVR7yMC ]
@Blizzard_Ent @Warcraft @BlizzardCS @ATVI_AB You guys being on suuuuuch too great gig. Telling that you know there are major flaws with your game after a friend you talked from forever.... urging my to pay for an expansion... and then telling that you don’t know when you can fix it. https://t.co/c9GFVR7yMC]
My first run as ele and it WAS NOT smooth.  
My first run as a jockey and it wasn't smooth.
My first run as an ale and it wasn't smooth.
My first ride as ele and it WAS NOT smooth.
My first run as ele died and it WAS done NOT smooth.
My first run as ele and it WAS pretty smooth.
Finished by Blingtron 7000 finally - the last point of Engineering is the WORST  
Finally finished with Blingtron 7000 - the last point of engineering is the WORST
Blingtron finished at last - the last item of the program - WORST
Finished by Blingtron 7000 finally - the last point of it is the WORST
Finished here by Blingtron 7000 finally - this the single last point School of Engineering is the WORST
Finished off Blingtron 8 finally - the last point of Engineering is our WORST
honestly when i saw the hashtag this morning i thought “oh fuck what’s blizzard done now?”
"Honestly
"honestly when i saw the hashtag this morning i thought ""oh fuck what's blizzard done now?"""
honestly when i saw the hashtag this winter i thought “oh fuck what’s blizzard happening now?”
honestly when i saw up the hashtag this morning i really thought “ oh fuck what the ’ s blizzard a done now? ”
morning when i saw the hashtag about morning i thought “oh lord what’s blizzard done now?”
WOW armor continues to make zero sense  
WOW armor still makes no sense
WOW armor still makes zero sense
WOW armor continues to make design sense
WOW armor continues to make about zero sense
WOW armor continues to make no sense
"Another decently high level alt on a different server. And Horde no less. It's all very confusing
"Another decently old age on another server. And Horde no less. It's all very confusing
"Another decent high level of viola on another server. And the Horde is no less. Everything is very confusing
"Another decently high level alt on a different team. And Horde no less. It's all very confusing
"Another decently high class level alt on a slightly different busy server. And Horde no less. Well It's all probably very real confusing
"Another decently high level alt on even different server. And Horde no less. Its's all completely confusing
Yo uhhhhh Blizz at it again damn
Yo uhhhhh Blizz at it again fucking again
Yo uhhhhh Blizz at it again damn
Yo uhhhhh Blizz at it like damn
Yo... uhhhhh Blizz sucks at it again damn
Yo uhhhhh Blizz<unk> it again damn
@Blizzard_Ent @Warcraft @BobbyKotick @Polygon @Kotaku @WarcraftDevs  Since when are you hiring Racists ? pic.twitter.com/m7NYCCfEIg
@ Blizzard _ Ent @ Warcraft @ BobbyKotick @ Polygon @ Kotaku @ WarcraftDevs Since when do you hire racists? pic.twitter.com / m7NYCCfEIg
@ Blizzard _ Ent @ Warcraft @ BobbyKotick @ Polygon @ Kotaku @ Warcraft _ Devs Since when do you hire racists? pic.fm / m7NYCCfEIg
RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR  Since when are you hiring Racists ? pic.twitter.com/m7NYCCfEIg
2 RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR  Since when are you hiring Racists ? pic.twitter.com/m7NYCCfEIg
I
"Got fucked over in a horrific vision because I got combat locked. I dont blame @Warcraft though
"But I'm not blaming @ Warcraft
"Although I don't blame @ Warcraft
"Got fucked over in a horrific vision because I got combat locked. I barely blame Activision though
"Got fucked over in a fucking horrific reverse vision because I two got combat locked. I can dont blame @Warcraft now though
"all fucked over in me horrific vision when I got combat dying. I dont blame @Warcraft though
@Warcraft_N . You literally screwed y character up with your update to that point it's unplayable. I spent $90 on this game now after update critters are literally killing me. I'm a goblin/warrior (fury) and you devs can .  yourselves. Totally unplayable and in NOT happy about it.
I have spent $90 on this game now that the critters have literally killed me. I am a goblin / warrior (anger) and you developers can do it. Completely unplayable and not happy about it.
"@ Warcraft _ N. You've literally twisted the character with your upgrade to the point that it's unplayable. I spent $90 on this game now
@Warcraft_N. You literally screwed y character up with your update to that point totally unplayable. I spent alot on this game now after update yours are literally killing me. I'm a goblin/warrior 0) and you guys can.  yourselves. Totally unplayable me in NOT happy about it.
@Warcraft_N. html You literally get screwed y character up since with your update to that point it's unplayable. I spent $ 90 on this game and now after update critters are literally killing of me. I'm a goblin / human warrior ( in fury ) and you three devs can. yourselves. Totally unplayable because and in so NOT happy about it.
@Warcraft_N. You literally burn y character up with your access to that then then's unplayable. I spent $90 on said game now after you critters are literally destroying stuff. I'm a goblin/warrior (fury) and you devs can. yourselves. Totally unplayable which in NOT happy watching it.
Blizzard has been one of the worst companies in the video game industry of late. They continue to disappoint with the release of Warcraft 3: Reforged. Blizzard underdelivered in every category and continues to erode their credibility. traffic.libsyn.com/armstrongsmusi…
Blizzard has been one of the worst companies in the video game industry lately and continues to disappoint with the release of Warcraft 3: Reforged. Blizzard has performed worse in every category and continues to undermine its creditworthy. traffic.libsyn.com / armstrongsmusi...
Blizzard has been one of the worst companies in the video game industry in recent times. They continue to disappoint with the release of Warcraft 3: Reforged. Blizzard is underdelivered in all categories and continues to erode their creditworthiness. traffic.libsyn.com / armstrongbi...
Blizzard has been one of the worst influences in the fighting game culture of late. Bethesda continue to disappoint with the release of Warcraft 3: Reforged. Blizzard underdelivered in various category and continue to erode their credibility. traffic.libsyn.com/armstrongsmusi…
Blizzard has been one of apparently the two worst companies in the video game industry of late. They continue nothing to disappoint with preventing the release delay of Warcraft II 3 : Reforged. Blizzard underdelivered virtually in fact every category and continues it to erode their international credibility. traffic. libsyn. com / armstrongsmusi …
<unk> has been one near the worst companies in the video game industry of late. They struggled to compete with the medium but Warcraft 3: Reforged. Blizzard underdelivered in every category and continues to erode the valuation. traffic.libsyn.com/armstrongsmusi...
i always thought warcraft 3 was an ugly game and the remake is basically a high-res turd
I always thought Warcraft 3 was an ugly game and the remake is basically a high-definition game
i always thought warcraft 3 was an ugly game and the remake is basically a high-res turd
i do think warcraft 3 was an ugly game and the remake is basically a high-res turd
i d always thought warcraft 3 really was an ugly game before and now the remake is basically a high - res turd
i still thought warcraft 3 was awesome ugly game and the remake is basically a zero-res turd
I hated everything about this. . I just earned the [It's Not A Tumor!] Achievement!  
I hated everything about it... I just earned the [It's Not A Tumor!] performance!
I hate everything that comes with it... I just earned that right!
I LOVE everything about this.. I just earned the [It's Not The Tumor!] Achievement!
But I hated everything about this.. But I... just earned the [ It's Not A Tumor! ] Youth Achievement!
I hated everything after this.. I just earned the I's Not Like Tumor!] Achievement!
"Probably not the first person to say this but
"Probably not the first person to say this
"Probably not the first to say this
"Probably not the first person to say this but
"Probably not really the wrong first person ever to say this but
"never been the first person to enjoy this but
@Blizzard_Ent  help me change my phone no and remove authenticator. So annoying cannot even do anything...I NEED TO FUCKING PLAY WARCRAFT III REFORGE GOD DAMN IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@ Blizzard _ Ent helps me change my mobile phone number and remove the authentication code. So annoying can't even do anything... I MUST FICKING PLAY WARCRAFT III REFORGE GOD DAMN IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@ Blizzard _ Ent help me change my phone no and remove authenticator. So annoying can even do anything... I NEED TO FUCKING PLAY WARCRAFT III REFORGE GOD DAMN IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@Blizzard_Ent  help me change my password no problem remove authenticator. So annoying cannot even do anything...I NEED I REALLY PLAY WARCRAFT III REFORGE GOD DAMN IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@Blizzard_Ent to help me change my Smart phone no 10 and remove authenticator.... So is annoying she cannot even do anything... I I NEED TO a FUCKING PLAY WARCRAFT III REFORGE AND GOD DAMN AT IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@Blizzard_Ent help me let my phone no and remove authenticator. So You cannot even fix that...I NEED TO MUST PLAY WARCRAFT III AT GOD FOR IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Oh fuck you
Oh fuck you
Oh fuck you
Oh fuck …
Oh God fuck you
God fuck you
Dang Blizzard. So many complaints about the newly released Warcraft 3 on Reddit. I suggest you look on there since everyone wants a refund. No UI changes? 2018 demo looks better than the actual release? Glad I didn’t buy it!  
"Dang Blizzard. So many complaints about the newly released Warcraft 3 on Reddit. I suggest you drop by because everyone wants a refund. No user interface changes? 2018 demo looks better than the actual release? Well
Dang Blizzard. So many complaints about the recently released Warcraft 3 on Reddit. I suggest you look at it because everyone wants a refund.
Dang Blizzard. So many complaints about the freshly released Warcraft 3 on Reddit. I suggest you look over it since everyone wants a refund. No large changes? 2018 demo looks better than the actual release? Glad fans didn’t buy it!
Now Dang that Blizzard. So many complaints about the newly released Warcraft 3 on the Reddit. I suggest you all look on there since everyone already wants a massive refund. No UI changes? Your 2018 demo looks better than the actual release? Glad I probably didn ’ t sooner buy out it!
Dang you. So many complaints against the final released Warcraft 3 on Reddit. I suggest you look on there since everyone wants a refund. No image changes? 2018 only looks cooler than the actual release? Glad I didn’t see what!
Warcraft 3 Reforged released and was met with lots of negative feedback. So much so it scored 0.5 on Metacritic. What happened? We talk all about the situation: youtu.be/eu4VbQJamLY https://t.co/t170YdwSY4
Warcraft 3 Reforged was released and received a lot of negative feedback. So much so that it got 0.5 points on Metacritic. What happened? We talk all about the situation: youtu.be / eu4VbQJamLY https: / / t.co / t170YdwSY4
What happened? We're all talking about the situation: youtu.be / eu4VbQJamLY https: / / co / t170YdwSY4
Warcraft 3 Reforged released and was met with lot of negative feedback. So much dissatisfaction it scored 6.5 on Metacritic. What now? We talk all through the situation: youtu.be/eu4VbQJamLY https://t.co/t170YdwSY4]
My Warcraft 3 − Reforged released and was met with lots of negative positive feedback. So so much so it later scored 0. 5 on the Metacritic. What happened? ² We talk all about and the overall situation : youtu. be / eu4VbQJamLY w https://t.co/t170YdwSY4 ]
Warcraft 0 Reforged released and was met with lots of lukewarm feedback. So enough so 3 scored an.5 on Metacritic. What happened? you learned all about the situation: youtu.be/eu4VbQJamLY and]
This is fucking terrible. Mail once again gets a set that matches neither class and looks like dogshit. I sometimes feel bad for them then i remeber they play loser classes
"This is damn horrible. Mail gets another set that doesn't match either class and looks like dogshit. Sometimes I feel bad for them
This is fucking terrible. Mail once again gets a set that matches neither class and looks like dogshit. I sometimes feel bad for them then i reeber they play loser classes
This is fucking terrible. Mail once again gets card set that matches neither class and looks like dogshit. I always make bad for them then i remeber they play loser classes
This is fucking terrible. Mail man once again gets a set that matches neither class correctly and looks like dogshit. Still I can sometimes secretly feel bad for watching them but then i remeber they play loser classes
This is all terrible. Mail once again gets a program that matches neither class and looks like dogshit. I could feel sympathy for everyone then i remeber they play loser classes
yoooo this kinda slaps?? pic.twitter.com/MxAlY2M63C
yoooo that kind of slap?? pic.twitter.com / MxAlY2M63C
yoooo this kinda slaps?? pic.wikipedia.com / MxAlY2M63C
yoooo this kinda slaps?? pic.twitter.com/MxAlY2M63C
Source yoooo this kinda slaps?? pic.twitter.com/MxAlY2M63C
it
"This is why I quit playing before.... . When you're playing  . . Player's like this are the reason I quit playing before and will likely be so
That's why I stopped playing..... When you play.. Players like this are the reason why I stopped playing and it probably will be again... youtube.com / watch? v = Yrsy8E...
That's why I stopped playing earlier... When you play... These players are the reason I stopped playing earlier and will probably do so again... youtube.com / watch? v = Yrsy8E...
"This is why I quit years before..... When you're playing .. Player's like yourself are the first I quit playing again and will likely be so
"John This is why I quit playing before..... Now When least you're done playing.. Player's like this all are the reason I quit playing before you and will likely be not so
"This exactly why I quitting playing before..... When you're dead.. Player's like this is also reason I quit playing before and will hopefully continue so
@Warcraft what on earth have you done to Kilrogg-EU?? Loads of my chars are now guildless and some were even deleted!
"@ Warcraft
@ Warcraft what on earth have you done to Kilrogg-EU?? Loads of my chars are now guilelessness and some were even deleted!
@Warcraft what on earth have tentacles gotten to Kilrogg-EU?? Loads of my chars is now guildless and some were even deleted!
@Warcraft what powers on earth have had you not done talking to Kilrogg - it EU?? Loads of all my chars are now guildless and unfortunately some were even deleted!
@Warcraft what to hell<unk> you done to an-EU?? Loads of my chars are now guildless and some were promptly deleted!
This is actually so sad.. . 
This is actually so sad...
It's actually so sad...
This is simply so sad...
This is one actually so sad...
What is actually so sad...
yo fuck this i cant believe i just wasted 10 minutes of my life on a fucking world of warcraft cutscene fuck this piece of shitty ass shit game
yo fuck this i can't believe i just wasted 10 minutes of my life on a fucking world of warcraft cutscene fuck this piece of shitty ass shit game
yo fuck this i cant believe i just wasted 10 minutes of my life on a fucking world of warcraft cutscene fuck this piece of shitty ass shit game
yo fuck this i cant believe i just wasted 10<unk> of my life fighting a fucking world of warcraft cutscene fuck this piece of shitty ass shit!
yo fuck Fuck this i cant possibly believe i just so wasted 10 minutes of stretching my life on a fucking little world of warcraft cutscene fuck this piece of shitty ass shit war game
yo fuck this i cant believe i just wasted 10 hours of a life on a fucking world of warcraft cutscene fuck this piece of garbage fuck shit like
All these  


All Players
All... these
All to
@Blizzard_Ent I have the urge to say that you guys suck just as much as the crappy quality of your Warcraft III Reforged Beta.  I pre-purchased it in hopes it would get better on the launch day and you did not fail to disappoint me.   
"@ Blizzard _ Ent I have the urge to say that you suck as much as the crappy quality of your Warcraft III Reforged Beta. I pre-ordered it in the hope that it will get better on launch day
@ Blizzard _ Ent I have the urge to say that you guys suck just as much as the crappy quality of your Warcraft III Reform Beta. I pre-purchased it in hopes it would get better on the launch day and you did not fail to disappoint me.
@Blizzard_Ent I have every urge to say that you now suck just as much as the crappy quality of your Warcraft III Community Beta.  I pre-purchased it in hopes it would get better on the launch day but you did not fail or disappoint me.
@Blizzard_Ent I instantly have the urge to say that you big guys suck just as much stuff as the crappy quality of your personal Warcraft Volume III Reforged In Beta. Apparently I pre - purchased it in hopes it would get even better on the launch day and you did not fail to disappoint with me.
@Blizzard_Ent I have some urge to say that they absolutely suck just as much as the crappy quality of your Warcraft III Reforged Universe. I pre-purchased it in hopes it would get me on the fourth day yet you did not fail to appease me.
"Hey @BlizzardCS @ATVI_AB @Warcraft @holinka @WatcherDev @Grummz . . Can we get some people to look into a friend of our's account? We got some < Pals for Life> people that might have gotten mass reported in BG and was banned on classic...there are tons of bots
"Hello @ BlizzardCS @ ATVI _ AB @ Warcraft @ holinka @ WatcherDev @ Grummz.. Can we get some people to look into a friend's account? < Pals for Life > People who have been reported en masse in BG and banned on classic platforms... there are tons of bots
Hey @ BlizzardCS @ ATVI _ AB @ Warcraft @ holinka @ WatcherDev @ Gruz. Can we get some people to look into our friend's account?
"Hey RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR . . Can we get some people to look into a friend of our's account? We got some < Pals for Life> people that might have gotten mass reported in BG and was banned on classic...there are tons of bots
"4 Hey RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR . . Can we get some people to look into a friend of our's account? We got some < Pals for Life> people that might have gotten mass reported in BG and was banned on classic...there are tons of bots
it
Blizzard fucking up Warcraft III is so unsurprising lol
Blizzard fucking up Warcraft III is so unsurprising lol
Blizzard fucking up Warcraft III is so unsurprising lol
Blizzard fucking up Warcraft III was so unsurprising lol
Blizzard knows fucking up Warcraft III itself is so much unsurprising lol
Blizzard fucking up Episode III is so amazing lol
Had to switch some stuff up! Technical Difficulties with Warcraft! Instead we're playing Total War: WARHAMMER!!!  twitch.tv/midlands_gaming
Technical difficulties with Warcraft! Instead we play Total War: WARHAMMER!!! twitch.tv / midlands _ gaming
"Instead of that
Had to switch some stuff up! Technical Difficulties with Warcraft! Instead we're playing Total War: WARHAMMER!!!  twitch.tv/midlands_gaming
or Had to switch some stuff up! Technical Difficulties with Warcraft! Instead we're playing Total War: WARHAMMER!!!  twitch.tv/midlands_gaming
the
I mean midterms. But it’s late and I’m tired
But it's late and I'm tired.
"I mean the middle of the semester
I mean okay. But it’s late and I’m tired
I actually mean midterms. But obviously it ’ s late and I also ’ m tired
<unk> mean midterms. Because it’s late and I’m tired
I don't know what I'm doing wrong but the Rogue Legendary just doesn't seem to work at all?. @Warcraft @WarcraftDevs @LimitThdlock https://t.co/kUqD4qQEe1
"I don't know what I'm doing wrong
I don't know what I'm doing wrong but the Rogue Legendary just doesn't seem to work at all?. @ Warcraft @ Warcraft Devs @ LimitThdlock https: / / co / kUqD4qQEE1
I might know what I'm doing<unk> but the Rogue Legendary UI doesn't seem to work at all?. @Warcraft @WarcraftDevs @LimitThdlock https://t.co/kUqD4qQEe1]
I don't even know what I'V m doing wrong so but the A Rogue Legendary or just yet doesn'r t seem to work at the all?. @Warcraft @WarcraftDevs @LimitThdlock S https://t.co/kUqD4qQEe1 ]
I somehow't know what wrong'm doing wrong and the Rogue Games just don't seem to work at all?. @Warcraft Click @WarcraftDevs https://t.co/kUqD4qQEe1]
" . . @Warcraft_RU
"... @ Warcraft _ RU
".. @ Warcraft _ EN
". Hi @Warcraft_RU
".. x @Warcraft_RU
".. @Warcraft_RU
"Just seriously
"Seriously
"Seriously
"Just seriously
"Just question seriously
"Just seriously
Why @Warcraft releasing pre-patch before in NA than EU? Unfair
Why @ Warcraft Pre-Patch released earlier in NA than in the EU? Unfair
Why did @ Warcraft make a pre-patch earlier than in the EU?
Why @Warcraft releasing pre-patch updates in NA than EU? Unfair
Why @Warcraft releasing pre - release patch before in wider NA than most EU? Unfair
Why @Warcraft releasing pre-patch before in NA<unk> EU? Have
This is the best explanation of my disappointment with the expansion
This is the best explanation for my disappointment with the expansion.
This is the best explanation for my frustration with the expansion
This is the best explanation of my disappointment with the NFL
This really is the best explanation of my obvious disappointment with the expansion
This is the best explanation of my disappointment that the expansion
"I don't even follow Warcraft but merging the original Warcraft 3 with Reforged sounds like a major fuck up that no one wanted
"I don't even follow Warcraft
"I don't even follow Warcraft
"I<unk> often follow Warcraft but merging the original Warcraft 3 with Reforged sounds like a major fuck up we no one wanted
"I don'2 t really even follow Warcraft but merging the original Warcraft Volume 3 with Reforged sounds like a major fuck up with that just no damn one wanted
"I don't even know Warcraft but merging the original Warcraft 3 with Reforged sounds like a radical fuck shift that no one designed
why the fuck did i relapse on world of warcraft
Why the hell have I fallen back into the world of Warcraft?
why the fuck did i relapse on world of warcraft
why the fuck have i relapse on world of warcraft
why by the fuck did i relapse on world out of warcraft
When the fuck did i relapse on world of warcraft
@Warcraft Can you explain this bullshit? Thanks pic.twitter.com/Wel3cU4KnZ
@ Warcraft Can you explain this bullshit? Thanks pic.twitter.com / Wel3cU4KnZ
@ Warcraft Can you explain this bullshit? Thanks pic.wikipedia.org / Wel3cU4KnZ
RhandlerR Can you explain this bullshit? Thanks pic.twitter.com/Wel3cU4KnZ
The RhandlerR Can you explain this bullshit? Thanks pic.twitter.com/Wel3cU4KnZ
what
There was a point in csgo where i wanted to cheat because my team dropped me. This was a time where i was LEM. I wanted to go pro and the team i was on wasnt the best. But they dropped me and brought in some global players. After about a week i lost hope in csgo.
There was a point in the csgo where I wanted to cheat because my team dropped me. It was a time when I was LEM. I wanted to become a professional and the team I was in was not the best. But they dropped me and brought in some global players. After about a week I lost hope in the csgo.
There was a point in csgo where i wanted to cheat because my team dropped me. This was a time where i was LEM. I wanted to go pro and the team i was on wasnt the best. But they dropped me and brought in some global players. After about a week i lost hope in csgo.
There was a point in csgo where i wanted to cheat before my team dropped me. This was a time where everything was LEM. i wanted ot go pro and the team i was with wasnt the best. But they released me and brought in some global players. After about a week i lost hope in csgo.
There was a major point in csgo where i desperately wanted to cheat because my team dropped me. This was a time where i was LEM. I wanted to only go with pro thinking and guess the team i was on wasnt the best. But they dropped me and brought in some global players. After happening about once a week i lost everything hope in leaving csgo.
There was a point in csgo where i wanted to cheat was my teammates dropped me. This was a time where i was LEM. I wanted too go pro and the team i stayed on ran the big. But they dropped me and brought in famous global athletes. After about a week i lost it in csgo.
 . .  

...
. 1
..
..
@CSGO thank you for you awesome anticheat... Having 3 cheaters in prime match... Why not
@ CSGO thank you for you awesome anticheat... With 3 scammers in Prime Match... Why not
@ CSGO thank you for you awesome anticheat... Having 3 cheaters in prime match... Why not
@CSGO thank you for you awesome job Having 3 cheaters in prime years Why not
@CSGO thank you for marrying you two awesome old anticheat... Having 3 outstanding cheaters in prime match... The Why not
@CSGO thank him for some awesome anticheat... Having 3 cheaters to prime match... Why was
Dammmmmmmn!!!! . 
Dammmmmmn!!!!.
Даммон!!!!.
Dammmmmmmn!!!!<unk>
Das Dammmmmmmn!!!!.
1.
"So I thought the shader changed caused every to be able to see over mollies? Because one guy abused the fuck out of it every round in Wingman and not once could I see him on my screen
"So I thought the modified shader would cause everyone to see about Mollies? Because a guy in Wingman abused the shit out of her every round and I couldn't see him on my screen once
"So I thought the shader changed caused every to be able to see over mollies? Because one guy abused the fuck out of it every round in Wingman and not once could I see him on my screen
"So I heard the shader changed caused every to be able to see your mollies? Because one and abused got fuck out of it every round in Wingman
"So I thought the shader it changed caused every to visually be able even to see just over mollies? Because this one guy abused the fuck out some of it during every round in Wingman and that not once could... I really see him on my screen
"So folks thought the system changed randomly every to be tempted to see over mollies? Because one guy abused the fuck out of it every round in 2005 and not where would I see him near my screen
"Wait wait wait... valorant is getting the same server system as league of legends???? Excuse the fuck me who thought that combined with the most intrusive anticheat software in the galaxy was a good idea?. . ""chEaTInG iS A biG pRObLeM In cSgO So lETs jUSt FUck eVeRyONe ElsE"""
"Wait
"Wait wait... valorant is getting the same server system as league of Heds??? Excuse the fuck me who thought that combined with the most intrusive anticheat software in the Galaxy was a good idea?. ""chEaTInG iS A big G pRObLeM In cSgO So leTs jUSt FUck eVeRyONE ElsE"""
"Wait hold wait... he is getting the same server system as league of legends???? Excuse Me fuck away who thought that combined with the most intrusive anticheat software in the galaxy was a terrible idea?.! ""chEaTInG iS A biG pRObLeM In cSgO u lETs jUSt FUck w ElsE"""
"Wait wait wait... valorant is getting the damn same server system around as league of the legends???? 30 Excuse what the fuck for me who thought me that combined magic with the most intrusive anticheat software in the galaxy was a good idea?.. "" chEaTInG iS A T biG pRObLeM In cSgO So t lETs jUSt FUck eVeRyONe ElsE """
"Wait wait here... valorant is this the whole weapons system as league of legends???? Excuse the fuck me just thought that combined for the most destructive anticheat file in the galaxy was a good idea?.. ""chEaTInG iS H biG pRObLeM In A So lETs jUSt FUck eVeRyONe ElsE"""
One of the best asian players .  @OfficialXETA leaves @tyloogaming and  
One of the best Asian players. @ OfficialXETA leaves @ tyloogaming and
One of the best players in the world. @ OfficialXETA leaves @ tyloogaming and
One of the better asian players.  @OfficialXETA leaves @tyloogaming and
One of also the best asian players. Left @OfficialXETA but leaves @tyloogaming and
One by the best asian players. @OfficialXETA by @tyloogaming and
"Finally played Rainbow Six Siege for the first time... I have to admit
Finally playing Rainbow Six Siege for the first time... I have to admit I prefer to pull my hair out every day at CSGO.
I finally played Rainbow Six for the first time... I must confess I prefer it to pulling my hair any day at CSGO.
"Finally played Rainbow Six Siege in the first time... I have to admit
"... Finally played Rainbow Six at Siege for the first time... Before I even have to admit
"Finally played At Six Siege for the first time... I agree to admit
"I personally think that CSGO's Community has one big (huge) issue: they think they know what they are about when in reality they don't.. its almost funny how often I hear things like ""Source 2 will fix it"" or ""Valve fix VAC"" when in reality its not as easy as it sounds. (1/2)"
"Personally
"I personally think that CSGO's Community has one big (huge) issue: they think they know what they are about when in reality they don't.. its almost funny how often I hear things like ""Source 2 will fix it"" or ""Valve fix VAC"" when in reality its not as easy as it sounds. (1 / 2)"
"I personally think that CSGO's Community has one big (#) issue: they think they know what they care about when in reality some don't.. its almost funny how often I say things like ""Source 2 will fix it"" or ""# fix VAC"" when in reality its not as easy is it says. (1/2)"
"I personally also think that CSGO'S s Community has one big big ( huge ) issue : they think they know what they both are about when although in reality they don't.. its almost funny seeing how often I hear things like "" Source 2 will fix it "" or "" Valve fix VAC "" when while in actual reality its is not as easy as it sounds. ( 75 1 / 2 )"
"I personally think that CSGO's media has one big (huge) issue: they think they know whatever details are about when with reality they don't.. looks almost funny and often you hear things like ""Source 2 will heal it"" or ""Valve fix VAC"" when in actually its not as easy as it appear. (1/2)"
@CSGO I am getting kicked by people after I have finished my challenge which forces me to do it all over again? Why? Sort your game out!
"@ CSGO I get kicked by people after I finish my challenge
@ CSGO I am getting kicked by people after I have finished my challenge which forces me to do it all over again? Why? Sort your game out!
@CSGO I am getting bullied by people after I have finished this challenge which forces me to do it all over again? Why? Break your game out!
@CSGO I am quickly getting more kicked by people after I have not finished my challenge which then forces for me to do it twice all over again? Why? Sort your game out!
@CSGO to stop getting kicked by people after I have finished my challenge which drive me to do it all over and? Why? Sort the game out!
"Silver hell is so dumb
"The silver hell is so stupid
"Silver hell is so dumb
"Silver hell is so dumb
"5 Silver hell Cody is so dumb
"bloody hell sounds so dumb
@CSGO @valve should fix loss problem with their indian servers that has been around for a couple of days. Not really helping the cause of competing with other MFPS games.
"@ CSGO @ valve was supposed to fix the loss problem with its Indian servers that had existed for a few days
@ CSGO @ valve should fix the loss problem with their Indian servers that has been around for days.
@CSGO @valve should fix loss problem with their indian servers that<unk> been around for a couple of days. Not really helping the cause of compatibility with other console games.
@CSGO @valve should fix loss problem with both their indian servers that it has been been around here for about a couple hundreds of days. Not really much helping the cause of competing with we other MFPS games.
from @CSGO should fix some problem with their indian servers that had been around for a couple of days. Nobody really sure the cause but competing with other MFPS games.
Can’t even solve thiz VAC CSGO issue. :(( . If any of you already solved this one please tell me how!
"Can not even solve this VAC CSGO problem.: (. If any of you have already solved this problem
Can't even resolve thiz VAC CSGO issue.: (. If any of you already solved this one please tell me how!
Can’t even say thiz other CSGO issue. :((. If any of us already solved this one please tell me how!
Can ’ t anyone even solve that thiz the VAC CSGO issue. : ( (. If any of you is already solved only this big one please tell me how!
Can’t yet solve thiz in CSGO issue. :((. Do any of you already make this one please tell me how!
"Shit update. Can't use OBS
"t use OBS
"Shit update. Can't use OBS
"Shit update. Can't support OBS
"Shit needs update. Can'S t anyone use OBS
"Shit update. Can't see Digg
CSGO NEW SKINS GONNA FUCKING MAKE ME ACT UP.
CSGO NEW SKIN GONNA FUCKING MAKE ME ACT UP.
CSGO NEW GONG FUCKING ME ACT UP.
CSGO NEW SKINS THAT FUCKING MAKE ME ACT UP.
CSGO NEW OF SKINS TO GONNA A FUCKING MAKE ME ACT IT UP.
<unk> NEW SKINS A FUCKING IN ME ACT UP.
"@CSGO fix the stuttering issue
"@ CSGO fixes the stutter problem
"@ CSGO fix the stinging issue
"@CSGO fix the stuttering issue
"did @CSGO fix the stuttering noise issue
"@CSGO fix the stuttering issue
@CSGO remove the snow. Christmas is fuckin over
@ CSGO cleans up the snow. Christmas is damn over
@ CSGO remove the snow. Christmas is over
@CSGO remove the snow. Frozen is fuckin over
Not @CSGO remove the snow. Say Christmas is fuckin over
@CSGO remove the f. Christmas is fuckin over
im sorry but valorant looks like an asset flip unity game with the frustrating elements of csgo and without the charm of overwatch
"Im sorry
im sorry but valorant looks like an asset flip unity game with the farting elements of csgo and without the charge of overwatch
im sorry but valorant looks like an awkward flip unity game with the frustrating elements of csgo and missing the charm of overwatch
im sorry but valorant looks like an awful asset I flip with unity game with the frustrating design elements of no csgo and more without the charm of overwatch
im sorry but valorant looks such an exact flip unity game with heavily frustrating elements on csgo and without the charm of overwatch
"@valvesoftware . HOW TO MAKE THE GAME FREE!!. The game is full of cheats. I've been playing cs go for 6 years
"The game is full of scammers. I have been playing cs go for 6 years
"@ valvesoB. HOW FREE IS THE GAME!!. The game is full of cheats. I've been playing for 6 years
"@valvesoftware. HOW TO MAKE THE GAME FREE!!. The game is full of cheats. I've been doing free go for 6 years
"@valvesoftware. HOW TO AND MAKE THE GAME FREE!!. The game is full of cheats. I'v ve been playing and cs go for 6 extra years
"@valvesoftware. HERE TO MAKE THE GAME FREE!!. The game are composed of cheats. I've been playing cs casino for 6 seasons
Shit crazy
Crazy shit
The Shit Goes Crazy
Shit sucks
... Shit crazy
Shit Can
Rip my csgo skins .  bet wasn’t worth it
Tear my Csgo skins. Bet it wasn't worth it?
Skin off.
Rip my csgo out.  bet wasn’t worth it
Rip my csgo skins. That bet wasn ’ t worth losing it
Rip Free csgo skins. bet wasn’t worth a
@CSGO again I just solo qued and matched with DMG and mg2 and am gn3 now and it was silvers now wayyyy higher sort the damn fuckin ranking system
@ CSGO again I just qued alone and tuned with DMG and mg2 and am now gn3 and it was silver now wayyyy higher sorting the damn damn ranking system
@ CSGO again I just solo qued and matched with DMG and mg2 and am gn3 now and it was silvers now wayyyyy higher sort the damn fuckin ranking system
@CSGO again basically just solo qued and matched with DMG and mg2... am gn3 now and it was silvers now wayyyy due sort the damn fuckin ranking system
The @CSGO again I meant just solo qued and then matched me with DMG and 100 mg2 and am 5 gn3 on now and it was silvers now wayyyy higher sort the damn fuckin the ranking system
@CSGO again I just solo qued and matched to DMG and mg2 I am gn3 now and it are also now wayyyy higher sort no damn fuckin trigger system
Game will die its inherently not a fun game the fun part of it is the skill factor which they are proactively trying to shove out of the game. Take the skill factor out of a boring game and we are left with a dog shit version of cs go. . . devs are literally brain dead its unreal
"The game will die because it is not a fun game by nature
Take the skill factor out of a boring game and we'll be left with dog crap in's version...
Game will die its inherently not a fun gaming the fun part of Dota is the skill factor which they are proactively racing to shove out of the game. Take the skill factor out of a boring game and we are left with a dog shit version of cs go... devs will literally brain watering its insane
Game will die its inherently not a fun game the fun part of it is the skill factor factor which the they are proactively trying to shove out of the practice game. Take the big skill factor out of a so boring game you and if we are left with go a dog shit version instead of cs go... devs are literally brain dead its whole unreal
Game will die its inherently such a fun game the fun element of it is the skill with which they are proactively trying the shove out of the game. Take the skill factor out form a boring game before we are off expecting another dog shit version of cs f... devs are literally brain dead its unreal
"@CSGO why you removed ""Report Sever"" thing? In yesterdays game me n my buddies had problems with loss and there's nothing we could do with it"
"@ CSGO why you removed ""Report Sever""? In yesterday's game my friends had problems with the loss and there's nothing we can do with it"
"@ CSGO why you removed ""Report Seven"" thing? In yesterdays game me n my buddies had problems with loss and there's nothing we could do with it"
"@CSGO Had google removed ""Report Sever"" thing? In yesterdays game me n my buddies had problems with loss and there's nothing we CAN do with it"
"@CSGO And why you removed "" Report Sever "" thing? In every yesterdays game by me n and my football buddies never had problems with loss and there's nothing we could do again with it"
"@CSGO why you use ""Report for"" thing? In first game me n my buddies had problem with loss and find's nothing we could do with it"
@CSGO said anything about the coaches who cheated yet????? Oh still nothing. Love to see the silent
"@ CSGO said something about the coaches who still cheated??? Oh
@ CSGO said something about coaches who were still cheating??? Oh nothing else.
@CSGO said anything about the coaches who cheated yet????? Oh still nothing. Love can silence the silent
@CSGO said before anything about hiring the coaches outside who cheated in yet????? Oh still nothing. Love seemed to see the silent
@CSGO said anything on the coaches who cheated yet?????<unk> still<unk>. Love to see the silent
"@CSGO yo i've queued for breach for the operation shattered web mission for 100 min
"@ CSGO yo I've been queuing for the injury for running smashed web mission for 100 min
"@ CSGO yo I've gotten for break for the operation shweb mission for 100 min
"RhandlerR yo i've queued for breach for the operation shattered web mission for 100 min
"W RhandlerR yo i've queued for breach for the operation shattered web mission for 100 min
I
Filthy on all levels
Dirty things at all levels
Dirty at all levels
Filthy on multiple levels
Filthy on visually all levels
us on all levels
WTF THIS GAME  
WTF THIS GAME
WTF THIS GAME
WTF VIDEO GAME
WTF THIS TO GAME
<unk> THIS GAME
UwU gift me random steam games to play cause im broke and csgo is boring
UwU gives me random steam games because I'm broke and csgo is boring
UwU gift me random steam games to play because it's broken and csgo boring
UwU gift me random steam games too play cause im broke and csgo is boring
UwU gift me some random steam games to you play cause im broke and im csgo is boring
UwU gift me any random games to play cause im broke and csgo is boring
Probably the most toxic game base besides csgo
Probably the most poisonous gaming base besides csgo
Perhaps the most toxic gaming base is csgo
Probably the most toxic game base besides Madden
Probably the fifth most toxic animal game base besides csgo
Probably the most toxic game<unk> besides csgo
"They have ALWAYS accused good players for cheating
"They have ALWAYS accused good players of cheating
"They ALWAYS accused good players of cheating
"They have ALWAYS accused good teams on cheating
"They could have ALWAYS accused really good players for cheating
"politicians have ALWAYS accused good players for suck
CSGO everytime I go 30-20 and still lose
CSGO every time I get 30-20 and still lose
CSGO every time I go 30-20 and still lose
CSGO says I go 30-20 and still lose
CSGO everytime I must go 30 - 20 straight and still lose
CSGO because I go 30-20 and still lose
"So is everyone just happymagically forgetting about the CS:GO lotto scam and going back to idolizing scum when they say pretty things on twitter dot com? Whoopsidoodle
"So everyone happily forgets the CS: GO lottery scam and goes back to idolizing scum when they say nice things on twitter dot com? Whoopsidoodle
So is everyone just happily forgetting about the CS: GO lottery scam and returning to the idolatry of scum when they say nice things online?
"So is everyone just happymagically forgetting about the CS:GO lotto scam and going back to loving Starcraft when we say about it on twitter dot com? Whoopsidoodle
"So how is everyone just happymagically about forgetting about all the CS : GO fucking lotto scam money and going back to idolizing scum when they say sweet pretty things on a twitter dot com? Whoopsidoodle
"how is kid just too happy about the CS:GO lotto scam and going back to idolizing scum when they say pretty things over twitter dot com? Whoopsidoodle
"@valvesoftware @CSGO. Csgo is filled with loads of hackers man... Its messed up
"@ valvesoftware @ CSGO. Csgo is full of hackers man... It's messed up
"@ valveso @ CSGO. CSgo is filled with loads of people... It's confused
"@valvesoftware @CSGO. Csgo is filled house loads of hackers man... Its messed up
"see @valvesoftware @CSGO. Csgo that is filled packed with loads of other hackers man... you Its messed up
"@valvesoftware @CSGO. TV is packed with loads of problems man... Its messed up
@CSGO valve? It seems that they do not work? I have prime and it touches me with people who do not have prime? and above they are cheats
@ CSGO valve? It seems that they do not work? I have Prime and it touches me with people who do not have Prime? and especially they are scammers
@ CSGO valve? Seems they don't work? I have a prime and it touches me with people who aren't prime? and above all they are cheaters
@CSGO valve? It seems that they do not work? I get prime and it touches me with people who must not have prime? and maybe they are cheats
A @CSGO valve? It seems funny that although they don't work? Did I have prime and it touches on me with people who don't have their prime? and above that they are cheats
@CSGO valve? It seems that they do not work? They have prime and it touches me with feeling for did not have that? and above they are cheats
"Things @valvesoftware  . . Make a functioning anti-cheat. Stop players from cheating
"Things @ valvesoftftftftft.Make a working anti-cheat. Keep players from cheating
"Stuff @ valvesob.. Make a functional anti-cheating game. Stop players from cheating
"Things RhandlerR  . . Make a functioning anti-cheat. Stop players from cheating
"and Things RhandlerR  . . Make a functioning anti-cheat. Stop players from cheating
It
Gotta hate when open csgo on the wrong account and see the vac ban on the top
Gotta hate when open csgo on the wrong account and see the vac ban on the top
Hate when you open a csgo on the wrong account and see a ban from above
Gotta hate when open csgo on the wrong account and see cs vac ban on the top
Gotta hate it when the open csgo on the wrong account comes and see the vac ban on the right top
Gotta know when open csgo on the wrong account and also the vac ban on its top
Do not play  
Don't play
Don't Play
Do<unk> play
Do not consistently play
did not play
For fuck sake this happend to me in a 1vs2 on faceit @CSGO fix ur shit
Fuck sake this happened to me in a 1vs2 on faceit @ CSGO fix ur shit
For fuck sake this happen to me in a 1vs2 on fact @ CSGO fix ur shit
For fuck sake this happend to me with a 1vs2 on faceit @CSGO fix ur god
For fuck glory sake must this happend to fit me in a 1vs2 show on faceit @CSGO fix for ur shit
For fuck sake what happend to me in post review on faceit @CSGO fix ur shit
lol the fuck
lol the hell
lol the fuck
lol the answer
Holy lol the fuck
lol the first
I just got “participant” in cs:go n ngl feels bad . 🤧
"I've just got ""contestants"" in cs: go n ngl feels bad."
"I just ""participated"" in the game: I don't walk
I just got “participant” in cs:go.... ngl feels bad again 🤧
So I just just got “ participant ” in cs : go n ngl feels bad. • [UNK]
I just got “participant” for twitter:go n ngl feels hot. <unk>
"Im actually so fucking annoyed with csgo. I practice so hard and i underperform in game so much. I barely am able to even win at this point
"I'm actually so damn annoyed by csgo. I'm practicing so hard and under-performing so much in the game. I'm barely able to even win at this point because I won gold yesterday Nova. I tried so hard to get here
"I train so hard and work so hard in the game. I can barely even win at this point
"Im actually so fucking annoyed with csgo. I practice so hard and i underperform in game quite much. I barely am able to even win at these point
"Im m actually so fucking annoyed with csgo. I just practice so damn hard and i underperform in game so much. I barely am able to even win when at this point
"now actually so fucking annoyed with csgo. I practice so little and i underperform in game so much. I barely am able of even win to this point
Tried CSGO for the first time in ages and holy fuck the amount of hackers in that game.. . Last time I played was like a few days before it went F2P
Tried CSGO for the first time in ages and holy fuck the amount of hackers in this game... The last time I played was like a few days before it went F2P
Tried CSGO for the first time in ages and holy fuck the amount of Freeders in that game... Last time I played was like a few days before it went F2P
Tried CSGO for the second time in ages and holy fuck the amount of time in that game... Last year I played was like a few days before it went F2P
Tried some CSGO for the real first time in many ages... and holy fuck did the amount of hackers going in that game... Last time that I played was like a few days before it officially went F2P
Tried Open for the first time in ages oh holy fuck the amount of hackers in that game... Last time I tried was like a few days before everyone had F2P
"@CSGO are homophobes. My nickname is Gay Gunner
"@ CSGO are homophobs. my nickname is Gay Gunner
"@ CSGO are homophobes. My nickname is Gay Gunner
"RhandlerR are homophobes. My nickname is Gay Gunner
"R RhandlerR are homophobes. My nickname is Gay Gunner
I
Hey @valvesoftware @Steam why is @CSGO lag bad compared to @DOOM Multiplayer even when I lowered every setting? Virtually every round of Dust 2 had a moment (or two) where I became a statue.
"Hey @ valvesoftware @ Steam
"Hey
Hey @valvesoftware @Steam why is @CSGO lag bad compared to @DOOM Multiplayer even when I lowered every setting? Virtually full round of Dust match had a moment (& two) when I became a statue.
Hey @valvesoftware @Steam why is only @CSGO lag bad compared to @DOOM play Multiplayer even when I lowered every setting? So Virtually every round of Dust Day 2 You had taken a moment ( one or even two ) in where again I became a statue.
Hey @valvesoftware Hi why is @Steam lag bad compared to @CSGO why even once I lowered one setting? Virtually my round on Dust 2 had a point (or two) where I shot a statue.
"@CSGO your ""official servers"" are a breeding zone for hackers.. .. .. @valvesoftware pls fix."
"@ CSGO Your ""official servers"" are a hotbed for hackers...... @ valvesoftware pls fix."
"@ CSGO your ""official servers"" are a breeding ground for fraudsters...... @ valvesopls."
"@CSGO your ""official servers"" are a happy zone for spam.... @valvesoftware pls fix."
"show @CSGO your "" fake official web servers "" which are a breeding zone for amateur hackers...... @valvesoftware pls will fix."
"@CSGO your ""official servers"" for safe breeding location for viruses...... @valvesoftware pls fix."
csgo pls stop ranking me up games are getting harder huhu
csgo pls stop ranking me up games are getting harder huhu
csgo pls stop ranking me up games are getting huhu
csgo pls stop ranking me up games are much harder huhu
csgo f pls stop you ranking me up games that are getting harder huhu
to pls stop ranking way up games are getting harder huhu
That’s twistz and a bad photoshop job lmao
That's Twistz and a bad Photoshop job lmao
"This is a bad job in the style of fashion-hop
That’s twistz that a bad photoshop job lmao
That ’ s with twistz and so a bad photoshop job lmao
That’s perfect and a bad photoshop by lmao
How can I seriously not get my mic working in CSGO a year later lol wtf
How can I stop using my microphone in CSGO one year later lol wtf
How can I seriously not get my mic working in CSGO a year later lol wtf
How can I seriously not appreciate my mic working in CSGO a year later lol wtf
How easily can I seriously not get my front mic working in fucking CSGO for a year later lol wtf
How can they seriously not get my mic shit in over a year later lol wtf
 
It is not the first time that the EU Commission has taken such a step.
"At the same time



just gotta say @CSGO MM sucks pic.twitter.com/lz3tFWSU4E
I just have to say @ CSGO sucks pic.twitter.com / lz3tFWSU4E
Just gfsay @ CSGO MM sucks pic.fm / lz3tFWSU4E
just gotta say RhandlerR MM sucks pic.twitter.com/lz3tFWSU4E
PC just gotta say RhandlerR MM sucks pic.twitter.com/lz3tFWSU4E
We
"it's extremely frustrating that my favourite shooter will probably start the process of an extremely slow
"s extremely frustrating that my favorite shooter will probably start the process of an extremely slow
"it's extremely disappointing that my favorite shooter will probably start the process of an extremely slow
"it's extremely frustrating that my favourite shooter will probably start the process of an extremely slow
"it'll s extremely frustrating that killing my favourite shooter will probably start the process because of an undoubtedly extremely slow
"it's extremely frustrating that my new game will probably end the week of an extremely slow
@CSGO fuck u
@ CSGO
@ CSGO fuck u
@CSGO i u
Y @CSGO fuck u
@CSGO am u
"CSGO matchmaking is so full of closet hacking
CSGO dating agency is so full of closet chopping that it's a really horrible game.
CSGO matchmaking is so full of hacking that it's a really horrible game.
"CSGO matchmaking is so full of closet humor
"CSGO matchmaking is not so full of of closet hacking
"CSGO matchmaking and so capable of closet hacking
@CSGO I hate your game.
@ CSGO I hate your game.
@ CSGO I hate your game.
@CSGO I liked your game.
@CSGO I hate your poker game.
@CSGO I hate your song.
Want to kms i remember why i hate csgo soo much
Do you want kms i remember why i hate csgo soo much
Want to kms i remember why i hate csgo soo much
Want to kms & remember why i hate csgo soo much
11 Want to kms i remember about why i hate csgo to soo much
Want to kms i love it i hate csgo soo much
Bruh CSGO at 5am is just full que brain deads.. . Shit game lol
Bruh CSGO at 5 am is just full that brain dead... shit game lol
Bruh CSGO at 5am is just full que brain deaths... Shit game lol
Bruh CSGO at 5am is in full que brain deads... Shit game...
and Bruh CSGO coming at 5am is just full que no brain it deads... Shit game lol
Bruh CSGO till 5am is just full que 3 deads... Shit shit lol
God why am I sitting here for last 2 hours watching our inter college Csgo tournament when I don't understand shit 🥵
"God
"God
God why am I sitting here my last 2 hours watching our inter college Csgo tournament man I don't understand shit 🥵
God why am I sitting here for last twenty 2 hours watching our brothers inter in college Csgo tournament when I really don't understand for shit [UNK]
God why am I sitting here for last 2 years watching our newly rated Csgo movie when I don't understand shit <unk>
Really starting to like  
Really starting to like
Realistically start liking it
Really enough to like
7 Really starting to like
Really hard to like
I’ve been looking online using the @Google search engine for videos of the Republican convention. Google not very helpful. Turned to @DuckDuckGo and got immediate helpful links. Almost like @Google doesn’t want you to find these videos...
I searched online with the @ Google search engine for videos from the Republican convention. Google was not very helpful. I turned to @ DuckDuckGo and immediately got helpful links. Almost like @ Google does not want you to find these videos...
I searched for videos of the Republican convention on the @ Google search engine. Google didn't help much. I reached out to @ DuckDuckGo and got immediate helpful links. Almost like @ Google doesn't want you to find these videos...
I’ve been looking online using the @Google movie engine for videos of the Republican convention. Google not very helpful. Sent to @DuckDuckGo which got immediate helpful links. Almost like @Google doesn’t want us to find these —
I ’ ve also been looking around online using the @Google search engine again for these videos of the Republican convention. Google not very helpful. Turned to @DuckDuckGo and got immediate helpful through links. org Almost like @Google doesn ’ t truly want all you there to personally find these videos...
I’ve keep going online using the @Google search engine for videotape of the Republican convention. Google not very helpful. Turned over @DuckDuckGo and got immediate helpful links. Not like @Google doesn’t want us to try specific videos...
"Dear @Google during the Black Lives Matter Protests
"Dear @ Google during the Black Lives Matter protests
Dear @ Google during Black Lives Matter protests you changed your avatar to support the movement.
"Dear Justin during the Black Lives Matter Protests
"Dear @Google during the Black National Lives Matter Protests
"Dear @Google during the Black September Act Protests
@CarryMinati's channel was hacked and he got it back in less than a day with monatization cuz they have @YouTubeIndia n its been 14 days since @KhujLeeFamily is asking for google help n nthin yet.  .  
"@ CarryMinati's channel was hacked and he got it back in less than a day
@ CarryMinati's channel was hacked and he get it back in less than a day with fun cuz they have @ YouTubeIndia n its been 14 days since @ KhujLeeFamily is asking for google help n nthin yet.
@CarryMinati's channel was hacked and he gained it back in less than two day with monatization cuz they have @YouTubeIndia n its been 14 days since @KhujLeeFamily is asking for google help again nthin yet. <unk>
@CarryMinati's main channel pad was hacked and he got it back straight in from less than twice a day with some monatization cuz they probably have @YouTubeIndia n now its barely been 14 days since @KhujLeeFamily m is asking for google help n nthin yet..
@CarryMinati's channel went hacked and he got it back in short of a day with monatization cuz they have @YouTubeIndia n got been 14 days in anybody was asking for google anything n nthin related..
thanks google you fucking idiot pic.twitter.com/YsfU99X2cu
Thanks google you damn idiot pic.twitter.com / YsfU99X2cu
Thanks google you fucking idiot pic.webs.com / YsfU99X2cu
thanks google you fucking idiot pic.twitter.com/YsfU99X2cu
to thanks google you fucking idiot pic.twitter.com/YsfU99X2cu
in
Scoped storage on Android 11 is ruining the Google Photos experience buff.ly/2SXLNpp by @PointJules
Scoped storage on Android 11 ruins the experience with Google Photos buff.ly / 2SXLNpp by @ PointJules
Screenshots on Android 11 spoil Google Photos buff.ly / 2SXLNpp service from @ Pointflies
Scoped storage on Android 11 is ruining the Google Photos experience short.ly/2SXLNpp — @PointJules
Scoped image storage on Android and 11 is probably ruining the Google Photos experience for buff. ly / or 2SXLNpp by David @PointJules
Scoped storage by Android 32 after ruining the Google Photos 3 buff.ly/2SXLNpp by @PointJules
I've deleted Google Chrome from all of my computers. It's become such a resource hog. It's rediculous. . ‍. 
"I have deleted Google Chrome from all my computers
"I removed Google Chrome from all my computers
I've deleted Google Chrome from all of my computers.<unk> become almost a resource hog. It's rediculous.. ‍.
I've deleted Google Security Chrome files from over all of my new computers. It'S s become such a resource hog. It'l s rediculous...
I've deleted Google Scholar from all the my servers. It's been such a resource hog. It's rediculous...
"Let's all agree to completely trash the inevitable facebook
"Let's all agree to scrap the inevitable Facebook
"Let's all agree to completely destroy the inevitable Facebook
"Let's all agree to completely trash the inevitable facebook
"Let's all agree to completely trash on the inevitable facebook
"Let's all agree to completely trash the inevitable facebook
you guys really crashed google lmao
you really crashed google lmao
you guys really crashed google lmao
you guys really built google lmao
Are you guys really crashed google off lmao
you guys have crashed google lmao
......and I NEVER find shit!!
...... and I NEVER find shit!!
...... and I NEVER find shit!!
......and I NEVER take shit!!
......... and before I NEVER find some shit!!
......and I came find another
"I deleted all our photos from my phone gallery
"I deleted all our photos from my phone gallery
"I deleted all of our photos from my phone gallery
"I had all our photos from my phone gallery
"I deleted all on our photos from outside my phone gallery
"I deleted all our photos in my phone gallery
What The Fuck!!!!
What the hell!!!!
What The Fuck!!!!
What The Matter
The What The Fuck!!!!
At The Fuck!!!!
Why does Google criminalize asian people by gendering criminals
Why is Google criminalising Asian people through sex crime?
Why Google Criminalizes People by Segregating Criminals by Sex
Why will Google criminalize asian people by gendering criminals
Why else does Google criminalize asian people by not gendering criminals
Why does Google criminalize asian women by gendering criminals
 
It is not the first time that the EU Commission has taken such a step.
"At the same time



ahh copy pasting from the google doc fucks up the formatting
ahh copy pasting from the google doc fucks up the formatting
ahh copy pasting from the google doc fucks up the formatting
ahh copy pasting from the google search fucks up the formatting
ahh... copy pasting from the text google doc fucks straight up the formatting
ahh copy pasting out the google doc screwed up the formatting
can company's stop making me cry
Can the company stop making me cry?
can company's stop making me cry
can company's stop making Mexicans cry
can company's bitch stop making me cry
they company's stop making me cry
Co-Star accuses Google of 'anti-astrology prejudice' after Play Store pulls horoscope app dlvr.it/RPVR1W https://t.co/rsiTPsrkDF
Co-star accuses Google of 'anti-astrological bias' after Play Store downloads horoscope app dlvr.it / RPVR1W https: / / t.co / rsiTPsrkDF
"Co-Star accuses Google of ""anti-astrological bias"" after the Play Store pulled the dr.it / RPVR1W horoscope app."
Co-Star accuses Google of 'anti-astrology prejudice' after Google Store pulls horoscope © bloom.it/RPVR1W https://t.co/rsiTPsrkDF]
Co - hosting Star accuses blog Google Watch of'spreading anti - Internet astrology prejudice'after comparing Play That Store pulls horoscope app dlvr. it / RPVR1W • https://t.co/rsiTPsrkDF ]
Co-Star strips Google of 'anti-astrology prejudice' Google App Store pulls horoscope to dlvr.it/RPVR1W []
GOOGLE CHROME DELETED ALL MY OPENED TABS WHEN I UPDATED THE STUPID APP im gonna cry i had a lot of important things open
GOOGLE CHROM DELETED ALL MY OPENED TABS WHEN I UPDATED THE STUPID APP im gonna cry i had a lot of important things open
GOOGLE CHROME DELETED ALL MY OPENED TABS WHEN I UPDATED the STUPID APP im gonna cry i had a lot of important things open
GOOGLE CHROME DELETED ALL THESE BAD TABS WHEN I UPDATED THE STUPID APP im gonna cry i had a lot of those things open
GOOGLE CHROME DELETED TO ALL MY OPENED TABS WHEN I B UPDATED THE TO STUPID APP ′ im I gonna to cry i had a nice lot... of important things on open
GOOGLE I DELETED ALL MY OPENED TABS that I keep THE STUPID APP from gonna cry i had a lot of important moments for
if you kill someone to make a point . . of how Google . . and Vice and the Ny Times . . play to the life science companies . . they'll use a horrible photo of you ...
if you kill someone to make a point... like Google... and Vice and the Ny Times... play with the life science companies... they will use a horrible photo of you...
If you kill someone to show... how Google... and Vice and Ny Times... play into the hands of life science companies... they will use a horrible photo of you...
if you kill someone to prove a point.. of how Google.. and Vice and the Ny z.. play to the life science companies... they'll use some horrible photo of you...
what if... you kill someone to make it a point.. of how people Google.. around and on Vice and the Ny Press Times.. play to get the life science companies.. they'll use a horrible photo of you...
if you kill someone to make a story.. of why Google.. and Vice Journal the Ny Times.. play to every life science genre.. it'll use THIS horrible photo of you...
Gettin that free google nest was a terrible idea tryin to have a relaxing Saturday morning and Stephen keeps gettin it to play the sugababes at full blast
"Gettin
"There was a terrible idea in that empty Google Nest to rest on a Saturday morning
Gettin that free google nest was a terrible idea tryin<unk> handle a relaxing Saturday morning and Stephen keeps gettin it to play with sugababes at full blast
Gettin that free google nest was a terrible idea over tryin to have a relaxing moment Saturday morning and hoping Stephen keeps gettin what it better to go play the blues sugababes at full blast
Gettin that latest google nest was a terrible idea tryin to be fun relaxing Saturday tonight and just keeps gettin it to play the sugababes at full blast
"Yes
"Yes
"Yes
"Yes
"Yes
"you
@Google and @Apple can you explain promoting a slave market in Kuwait through your apps?????? I am disgusted.
@ Google and @ Apple can you explain how you promote a slave market in Kuwait through your apps?????? I'm disgusted.
@ Google and @ Apple can you explain the advancement of the slave market in Kuwait with your apps???? I'm disgusted.
@Google and @Apple can you explain away a slave market in Kuwait from your apps?????? I am disgusted.
@Google and now @Apple can see you explain promoting against a legitimate slave traders market in the Kuwait through your apps?????? I am disgusted.
@Google and @Apple can you explain away the slave contract in Kuwait by your apps?????? I am disgusted.
Bye why did google meets update its So ugly pic.twitter.com/QONnUSIruX
Bye why Google has updated its So ugly pic.twitter.com / QONnUSIruX
Bye why did google meetings update its So ugly pic.fm / QONnUSIruX
Bye why did google meets update its So ugly pic.twitter.com/QONnUSIruX
for Bye why did google meets update its So ugly pic.twitter.com/QONnUSIruX
be
Netflix is the new Google. Killing products just as people love them.
Netflix is the new Google. Products kill the way people love them.
Netflix is the new Google.
Netflix is the new Google. Killing products just as you love them.
Netflix is the new Google. See Killing your products just as people love them.
Netflix is the new Google. Killing products just as others like them.
Me when my google meet doesn’t work
"I
Me when my meeting with Google doesn't work
Me when my google meet up work
Me when my google meet doesn u ’ t always work
Me when my google meet doesn’t open
"I’ve started to get really jumpy ever since I turned on notifications for @offclASTRO on Twitter
"Since I switched on notifications for @ offclASTRO on Twitter
"Ever since I enabled notifications for @ offclASTRO on Twitter
"I’ve gotten to feel really jumpy ever since Twitter turned on notifications for @offclASTRO on Twitter
"I literally ’ ′ ve started to suddenly get really jumpy ever since I have turned on notifications made for @offclASTRO on Twitter
"I’ve not gonna get really jumpy ever since I turned on notifications for @offclASTRO seems Twitter
@SamsungMobileUS I opened @Google Streetview on my Samsung and next thing my phone screen stopped working properly till now. Can y'all please explain
@ SamsungMobileUS I opened @ Google Streetview on my Samsung and next thing I know my phone screen was not working properly.
@ SamMobileUS I opened @ Google Streetview on my Samsung and now my phone screen has stopped working properly.
@SamsungMobileUS I opened @Google Streetview on my Samsung the next thing my phone screen stopped working properly till yesterday. Should y'all please explain
@SamsungMobileUS I opened @Google Streetview on from my expensive Samsung tablet and next thing my phone screen stopped working properly till late now. I Can this y'all please explain
@SamsungMobileUS We opened @Google Streetview on my Samsung and next thing my phone screen continued playing properly till 9:30. Can y'all ever explain
"please copy
"Please copy
"Please copy and distribute!.. Hi @ Google. We've noticed this. Please fix it
"please copy
"please copy
"please copy
Why Google sucks: Google racializes QTPOC by normalizing white surpemacy
Why Google sucks: Google racializes QTPOC by normalizing white surpemacy
Why Google Sucks: Google Rationalizes QTPOC by Rationalizing White Supremacy
Why Google sucks: Google racializes QTPOC by normalizing the surpemacy
Remember Why Google sucks : Google racializes its QTPOC coverage by normalizing white surpemacy
of Google sucks: Google racializes QTPOC still encouraging white surpemacy
"I thought Google told its people to work from home.. . You know
"I thought Google had told its people to work from home... You know
"I thought Google told its people to work from home. You know
"I thought Google told its people should work from home... You know
"I thought stupid Google told its people to work from home... and You know
"I thought Google told its people to work from home... You know
"pls copy
Hi @ Google. We noticed this. Please fix this and tell us your reason why this happened in the first place. @ weareoneEXO
"pls copy
"pls copy
"pls copy
"pls reply
"Hey google
"Hey google
"Hey Google
"Hey google
"Hey good google
"Hey google
"WHAT THE? TOP OF THE MORNIN'
"WHAT? TOP OF THE MORNIN
"WHAT? TOP FROM MORENINE
"WHAT THE? TOP OG THIS MORNIN'
"WHAT TO THE? TOP TO OF THE THE MORNIN '
"WHAT THE? TOP FOR WHAT MORNIN'
Why does Google criticize black people by hiding aggressor
Why Google Criticizes Blacks by Hiding Aggressor
"Why Google Criticizes Black People
Why does Google criticize black people by hiding???
or Why does Google criticize black people merely by hiding aggressor
Why does Google criticize black people by hiding about
it took me way too fucking long to swap playlists on my alarm app @ google why do you make this so complicated
"It took way too long to exchange playlists on my alarm app @ google
"It took me too long to find the playlists in my @ google alarm clock
it took me way too fucking long to swap windows on my alarm app @ google why do yo make this so complicated
it also took and me way too fucking long to swap playlists on my emergency alarm app @ google why do you always make this so damn complicated
you took me way too fucking crazy to make playlists on my alarm app @ google why do you make stuff so complicated
Why Google sucks: Google white-washes uniformed publics by categorizing bias
Why Google bugs: Google whitewashes uniformed public by categorizing prejudices
Why Google Sucks: Google Washes Uniform by Classifying Bias
Why Google sucks: Google hair-washes uniformed publics by categorizing bias
What Why Google sucks : Perhaps Google white - washes uniformed publics by categorizing a bias
thinks Google sucks: Google white-washes foreign publics by categorizing bias
Awwwww shucks . 
Awwwww.
Awww shucks.
Awwwww<unk>.
And Awwwww and shucks.
of shucks.
No wonder @SpotifyUK were giving away google speakers. Mine came with the speaker already blown. 🤢🤢🤢
No wonder @ SpotifyUK gave away Google speakers.
No wonder @ SpotifyUK was ticked off.
No wonder @SpotifyUK were giving away google speakers. Mine came with one speaker battery blown. 🤢🤢🤢
2 No wonder our @SpotifyUK were giving right away google stereo speakers. Mine came with the speaker already blown. [UNK]
No wonder @SpotifyUK were giving away google maps. Mine comes with the speaker fully blown. <unk>
One of centuries of terrorism and murders done by Europeans to African diaspora on every continent. . . Google to find sources about “rubber terror” and “Belgian genocide in Congo.”
"One of centuries of terrorism and murders perpetrated by Europeans against the African diaspora on all continents... Google to find sources of ""rubber terror"" and ""Belgian genocide in the Congo."""
"One of the centuries of terrorism and murder committed by Europeans against the African diaspora on all continents... Google to find sources about ""rubber terror"" and the ""Belgian genome in the Congo."""
One studies tens of terrorism and murders done by Europeans to African diaspora on every continent... Google to find the saying “rubber terror” and “Belgian genocide in Congo.”
One of centuries of death terrorism attacks and murders ever done by Europeans to African diaspora on every continent... Use Google to make find sources unknown about “ rubber terror ” and “ a Belgian genocide in Congo. ”
One half centuries of terrorism and crimes done by Europeans to African diaspora on every continent... Google to find all about “rubber camps and “Belgian crimes against Congo.”
"@Google we will not want to saw it again.. thank you.  take control it.. angry.. level 4
"@ google we will not want to see it again.. thank you. Take control.. angry.. level 4
"@ google we won't want to see it again.. thank you.. take control of it.. get angry.. level 4
"@Google we will NEVER want to saw it again.. thank you.  take to it.. angry.. level 4
"@Google we will not want to have saw it again.. do thank you. Please take on control it.. angry.. level of 4
"Because we will forever want to saw it again.. thank you. take of it.. angry.. buy 4
"@TuckerCarlson tonight
"@ TuckerCarlson tonight
"@ Tuckerson tonight
"@TuckerCarlson tonight
"@TuckerCarlson tonight
"@TuckerCarlson tonight
Well that's not helping to reassure me my data is safe with @google
"Well
"Well
Well that's not helping to reassure me my data is safe with<unk>
Well that'wasn s not helping much to reassure the me my data is safe with @google
thing that's not helping to reassure me my data is available with @google
Attention ARMYs looking to purchase  . . @GooglePlay please look into this problem
Attention ARMYs who want to buy.. @ GooglePlay please investigate this issue
"Attention ARMYs looking to buy... @ GooglePlay
Attention ARMYs not to purchase .. @GooglePlay please look into this problem
Attention with ARMYs looking back to purchase.. Sam @GooglePlay please just look into this problem
Attention ARMYs interested to purchase.. @GooglePlay please look into sample guide
"Anime always has been the worst part of fake news
"Anime has always been the worst part of fake news
"Anime has always been the worst part of fake news
"Anime always has been the worst part of cable news
"If Anime always has been the worst embarrassing part of fake news news
"almost always has remained the worst part of fake news
GOOGLE ALWAYS COMES THROUGH WITH THE SAD COMMERCIALS NOOOO
GOOGLE ALWAYS COME BY THE SAD COMMERCIALS NOOOO
SEA SEA SEA SEA SEA SEA SEA SEA SEA SEA SEA SEA SEA SEA SEA SEA SEA SEA SEA SEA SEA SEA SEA SEA SEA SEA SEA SEA SEA SEA SEA SEA SEA SEA SEA SEA SEA SEA SEA
GOOGLE ALWAYS COMES OVER WITH THE SAD COMMERCIALS NOOOO
GOOGLE ALWAYS IT COMES AND THROUGH IS WITH IN THE NO SAD OF COMMERCIALS NOOOO
GOOGLE ALWAYS COMES THROUGH WITH TO CITY WHO NOOOO
bitch im mf bing
Bitch In MF Bing
bitch im mf bing
bitch im ra bing
bitch im me mf bing
<unk> im mf bing
"@yandex_by @google told a big lie to the whole world. You need to read this: DuzDunya.com.tr and report
"@ yandex _ by @ google has told the whole world a big lie. You need to read this: DuzDunya.com.tr and report
@ yandex _ by @ google told a big lie to the world. You should read this: DuzDunya.com.tr and report please make a headline.
"@yandex_by @google told a big lie to the whole world. You need the do this: DuzDunya.com.tr and then
"@yandex_by First @google told a pretty big lie to the waiting whole world. You need to read like this : THE DuzDunya. com. To tr and report
"@yandex_by @google contains the big lie to the Muslim world. You have to read this: DuzDunya.com.tr and report
"Remember that tune ""You can go your own way""?. My version is ""Getting censored every day""! Hey Liar ""fact checkers"" Google
"Remember that tune ""You can go your own way""?. My version is ""Getting censored every day""! He Liar ""fact checkers"" Google
"Remember this tune ""You can go your own way""?. My version is ""Every day you get censored""! Hey Liar ""fact checkers"" Google
"Remember that tune ""You gonna go my merry way""?. My day is ""Getting censored big day""! Hey Liar ""fact checkers"" Google
"Remember that tune ""... You still can go in your own way ""?. Or My album version is "" Getting... censored every day ""! Hey for Liar "" fact checkers "" Google
"like that tune ""You can go your fucking way""?. Our heart is ""Getting censored any day""! Comment Liar ""fact checkers"" Google
fuck you google! pic.twitter.com/wo7ntZsGNL
Fuck you google! pic.twitter.com / wo7ntZsGNL
fuck you google! pic.wikipedia.org / wo7ZsGNL
fuck you google! pic.twitter.com/wo7ntZsGNL
V fuck you google! pic.twitter.com/wo7ntZsGNL
that
Why Google sucks: Google regulates undocumented workers by misinforming white surpemacy
Why Google sucks: Google regulates undocumented workers through misinformation
"Why Google Sucks: Google Regulates Illegal Workers
Why Google sucks: Google regulates undocumented workers by misinforming white Americans
Why Google work sucks : Since Google officially regulates undocumented workers by completely misinforming white surpemacy
Why Google is: Google regulates undocumented workers is misinforming their surpemacy
"I cannot believe @Google absolutely killed @googledrive by not allowing to add a folder to my drive so it automatically syncs on my computer. If they don't backtrack before Sept. 30
"I can't believe that @ googledrive has absolutely killed @ googledrive by not adding a folder to my drive so it will automatically sync on my computer. If they don't retrace before September 30th
I can't believe that @ Google absolutely killed @ googledrive without allowing a folder to be added to my disk to automatically synchronize with my computer.
"I cannot believe @Google absolutely killed @googledrive by not allowing to add a folder to that drive so it automatically syncs on my computer. If they don't backtrack before Feb. 30
"I cannot believe @Google absolutely killed off @googledrive right by not allowing to add a folder to my drive so it automatically video syncs on my own computer. If they don's t backtrack before Sept. 30
"I cannot blame people absolutely killed @Google by never allowing to add a plugin to my system so something automatically syncs on my computer. If they don't backtrack before Sept. 6
@Google . My Facebook account is hacked . My phone number: 9840190174. My Facebook ID: praveen boobesh. Hacker change  password  Gmail. ID  I have my Facebook ID screenshot pic.twitter.com/NDRJM3VHH6
@ Google. My Facebook account is hacked. My phone number: 9840190174. My Facebook ID: praveen boobesh. Hackers change the Gmail password. ID I have my Facebook ID screenshot pic.twitter.com / NDRJM3VHH6
@ Google. My Facebook account has been hacked. My phone number is 40190174. My Facebook ID is 40190174. My Facebook ID is 40190174. My Facebook ID is 40190174.
RhandlerR . My Facebook account is hacked . My phone number: 9840190174. My Facebook ID: praveen boobesh. Hacker change  password  Gmail. ID  I have my Facebook ID screenshot pic.twitter.com/NDRJM3VHH6
N RhandlerR . My Facebook account is hacked . My phone number: 9840190174. My Facebook ID: praveen boobesh. Hacker change  password  Gmail. ID  I have my Facebook ID screenshot pic.twitter.com/NDRJM3VHH6
we
So Google Adsense can’t find my money and when I call their support number they tell me to go read the forums page after I waited for 20 business days......cool
So Google Adsense can't find my money and when I call their support number they tell me to read the forum page after waiting 20 business days...... cool
"So Google Adsense can't find my money
So Google Adsense not find my money and when I call their support desk they tell me to go read the forums page after I fail for 20 business days......cool
So Google Adsense can ’ all t find my money and when will I call their support number they only tell them me to go read the forums page after page I waited here for 20 business days days...... totally cool
So Google Adsense can’t buy my money but whenever I call their support number they behind me says go read the forums page after I waited for 20 long days......cool
All. The. Time. Can't look stupid on those texts/emails!
All. The. Time. Can not look stupid on these texts / emails!
All. The. Time. Can't look stupid on those texts / email!
All. The. Bus. Can't look stupid on those texts/emails!
All. The. Time. Can'tee t look too stupid on all those texts / emails!
All. The. Time. Can't count again on those texts/emails!
"iPhone 11 Pro Max 3969mah battery - greatest thing since sliced bread. Pixel 4xl 3700mah battery - wtf is google thinking!? 269mah difference
"iPhone 11 Pro Max 3969mah battery - biggest thing since sliced bread. Pixel 4xl 3700mah battery - wtf is google thinking!? 269mah difference
The battery of the iPhone 11 Pro Max 3969mah is the greatest thing since bread was poured.
"iPhone 11 Pro Max 3969mah RAM - greatest thing since sliced cheese. Pixel 4xl 3700mah battery - wtf is google thinking!? 269mah thing
"iPhone 11 Power Pro with Max 5 3969mah battery - greatest electric thing since sliced garlic bread. Pixel 8 4xl 3700mah meter battery - wtf I is so google is thinking!? 269mah difference
"Color 11 Pro II 3969mah battery - greatest thing since crack bread. Pixel 4xl 9 battery - wtf did google thinking!? A difference
"STOP LYING!!
"Stop lying!!
"STOLING!!
"STOP LYING!!
"IT STOP LYING!!
"STOP LYING!!
"When Tiktok Banned in India
"When Tiktok was banned in India
"When Tok Banned in India
"When I Banned on India
"When Tiktok Banned out in India
"When Google Banned in 2008
Why does Google label latin people by penalizing criminals
Why does Google tag Latin Americans by punishing criminals
Why Google stigmatizes Latinos by Punishing Criminals
Why may Google label latin people by penalizing criminals
Why else does Google not label latin people by penalizing criminals
Why does Google label latin people by using criminals
i will never understand continuing to trust freedom hating thieves at @google and @YouTube for revenue.
I will never understand if I continue to trust that freedom deprives thieves of revenue on @ google and @ YouTube.
I will never understand why I continue to trust the freedom that @ google and @ YouTube bring.
i will never understand what to trust freedom hating thieves at @google = @YouTube for revenue.
i One will never understand about continuing to trust freedom hating thieves at both @google and @YouTube institutions for revenue.
i should never understand continuing to trust freedom hating thieves at everyone needs @google for revenue.
"Android Trojan Kills Google Play Protect
"Android Trojan Kills Google Play Protect
"Android Trojan kills Google Play Protect
"Android Trojan Kills Google Play Protect
"Android Trojan Kills Live Google Google Play Protect
"The Trojan Kills Google Play Protect
"Imma just say this here because the void between peoples ears on FB is vast... Google is NOT a trusted news source or unbiased or uncensored. They are never going to evolve
"Imma says this only because the gap between the ears of people on FB is huge... Google is NOT a trustworthy news source or unbiased or uncensored. They will never evolve
Imma just say it here because the void between people's ears on FB is huge... Google NOT is a reliable source of news either unbiased or obscene.
"Imma just say this here because the void in peoples minds on FB is vast... Google is NOT a trusted news source or unbiased or otherwise. They are never going to evolve
"Imma just say this here because the inherent void between peoples or ears on FB is incredibly vast... Google is NOT such a trusted news source... or unbiased or outright uncensored. They definitely are never really going on to evolve
"Imma just say this now so that void between peoples ears on FB is solid... Google is NOT a credible news source or unbiased or uncensored. They are never going in evolve
Why Google Adsense is not an effective long-term business model youtube.com/watch?v=Ak32o2…  
Why is Google Adsense not an effective long-term business model youtube.com / watch? v = Ak32o2...
Why isn't Google Adsense an effective long-term business model for youtube.com / watch? v = Ak32o2...
Why Google Adsense is not incredibly effective long-term business model Reuters.com/watch?v=Ak32o2…
Why Google Adsense is probably not an effective digital long - term business analysis model over youtube. see com / watch? And v = Ak32o2 …
that Google Search is not an effective mid-term business model On.com/watch?v=Ak32o2...
@NewsNationTV Sir we are request you Google Play all Customer Care no. is fraud in which 6289278238 & 6901530775 fraud with me through any desk app. He knows debit card all details & withdraw all money Rs. 72000/- so take current action against them.
@ NewsNationTV Sir we ask you Google Play all customer care number is scam where 6289278238 & 6901530775 scam with me via any desktop app. He knows debit card all details & withdraw all funds Rs. 72000 / - so take current action against them.
@ NewsNationTV Sir we ask you Google Play all Customer Care #. This is a fraud in which 6289278238 & 6901530775 is cheating me through any desktop application.
@NewsNationTV Sir we are request you Google Report all Customer Care no. is fraud in which 6289278238 & 6901530775 fraud with me through any desk app. He knows debit wallet number details & withdraw all money Rs. 72000/- so have current charge against them.
@NewsNationTV Sir we are request on you Google Play all services Customer Health Care Plan no. 29 is fraud in which 6289278238 & 3 6901530775 fraud with me through any any desk app. He himself knows debit card all relevant details & withdraw all of money Rs. 72000 / - so take current action against them.
@NewsNationTV Sir we are request you Google Play all Customer Care no. is fraud as which his H 6901530775 is with me through any desk app. He knows debit my all deposit & withdraw all in Rs. 72000/- Then take an action against them.
"@GoogleAds @Google STOP making people who call support go through 3 rounds of identification. I know you figured out that your reps receive less calls if you bother your customers for longer
"@ GoogleAds @ Google STOP lets people who call support go through three rounds of identification. I know you've found that if you annoy your customers for longer
"@ GoogleAds @ Google STO forces people who call customer service to go through 3 rounds of identification. I know you realize your turnips get fewer calls if you bother your customers longer
"@GoogleAds @Google STOP making anyone who call us go through 3 rounds of identification. I know ya figured out that your reps receive less calls if u bother your customers for it
"@GoogleAds @Google STOP making people know who have call support go through your 3 rounds of identification. I know you figured out that your commercial reps receive considerably less illegal calls if you bother your customers for longer
"@GoogleAds @Google STOP making people who call support goes thru 3 rounds of identification. I know you figured out that your reps receive less calls if you bother following people the longer
Hey @firefox what the hell happened to my drop down box of websites. I use you instead of Google for a reason. Are you begging me to go to @brave
"Hey @ firefox
Hey @ firefox what the hell happened to my drop down box of websites. I use you instead of Google for a reason. Are you begging me to go to @ brave
Hey @firefox what the f happened to my drop down window of websites. I use you instead of Google for a job. Are you begging me to go to @brave
Oh Hey @firefox what the hell happened got to my drop ass down a box of online websites. I use For you instead of Google for a reason. Are you begging me here to go to @brave
Hey man what the hell happened to my drop down online search websites. I use you instead this Google for a reason. Are you begging me to go on @firefox
I entered a date following the standard YYYY-MM-DD format and Google did not appreciate pic.twitter.com/UPh3QjApgy
I have entered a date in default format YYYYY-MM-DD and Google has not appreciated pic.twitter.com / UPh3QjApgy.
"I entered the date using the standard YYYY-MM-DD format
I entered a date following the standard YYYY-MM-DD format and Google did not appreciate pic.twitter.com/UPh3QjApgy
and I entered a date following the standard YYYY-MM-DD format and Google did not appreciate pic.twitter.com/UPh3QjApgy
in
I just discovered a Bree Serif font on Google Docs and will never use another font again . 
I just discovered a Bree serif font in Google Docs and will never use another font again.
I have just discovered the Bree font in Google DoS and will never use another font again.
I just discovered a Bree Serif font on Google Docs and will gladly choose another font again.
I only just discovered yourself a Bree Serif font on Google Docs and will never use another such font yet again.
I just discovered a rich Serif font on Google Docs and will never use another edition until.
Why I quit using  
Why I quit using it
Why I'm Stopping Using
Why I quit football
Why knew I quit using
Why I Am using
I won't be impressed until I can download food
I won't be impressed until I can download food
I won't be impressed until I can download the food
I won't be impressed until I can download the
I just won't be impressed until I can even download food
I shouldn't be impressed until I can download food
@realDonaldTrump Thank you thank you for standing up for our free speech against these biased bohemoths companies Twitter Google Facebook!
@ realDonaldTrump Thank you for standing up for our freedom of expression against these biased Bohemian companies Twitter Google Facebook!
@ realDonaldTrump Thank you for standing up for our freedom of speech against these biased companies!
@realDonaldTrump Thank and thank you for standing up for our free speech without these biased bohemoths companies Twitter Google Facebook!
@realDonaldTrump Thank you M thank you for standing up for our continued free speech support against these biased bohemoths on companies Twitter Google My Facebook!
@realDonaldTrump thanks you thank you for stand up for our freedom speech against these biased bohemoths companies Twitter Google Facebook!
"searching boyfriend material kai in google was NOT good for me .  who’s cutting up onions now
"Search friend material kai in google was NOT good for me. Who now cuts onions
"Who now cuts onions
"searching boyfriend material kai via google was NOT easy for me.  who’s cutting up onions now
"searching boyfriend material kai was in google was NOT good use for helping me. Somebody who ’ of s cutting up onions now
"searching boyfriend crush kai in google was NOT just for me. who’s cutting up my now
the fucking google search at the top of this is sending me
the damn Google search at the top sends me
the fucking google search at the top of this is sending me
the fucking google bug at the top of this is sending me
... the fucking google search at the top of this is the sending me
the fucking google search off the top of this is sending me
"I used google translate
"I used Google Translate
"I used google translate
"I used google translate
"The I used google translate
an
"@googlechrome Every time I open Google Keep
"@ googlechrome Every time I open Google Keep
"@ googlechrome Every time I open Google Keep
"@googlechrome Every time Google open Google Keep
"CHAPTER @googlechrome Every time I open Google Keep
"@googlechrome Each time I open Google Earth
This is a mistake.. Chen didn't participate in that song.  . And What is this?  . Please correct this!!! . @Spotify @Google @weareoneEXO . .  
This is an error.. Chen did not participate in this song... And what is this?. Please correct this!!!. @ Spotify @ Google @ weareoneEXO..
This is a mistake.. Chen didn't participate in that song... And What is this?. Please correct this!!!. @ Spotify @ Google @ weareoneEXO...
This is a mistake.. Chen didn't participate in that song. . And which was this? . Please correct this!!!. @Spotify @Google @weareoneEXO b.
3 This is a massive mistake.. Chen didn't participate in singing that song.. 10 And... What language is this?. Please correct this!!!. THE @Spotify @Google and @weareoneEXO..
comment is a joke.. You did't appear in that song.. SO What is this?. Please correct this!!!. @Spotify @Google @weareoneEXO..
3 Reasons Why You Should Ignore the Views Metric in Google My Business Insights - Sterling Sky Inc sterlingsky.ca/google-my-busi…
3 Reasons You Should Ignore the Metric of Views in Google My Business Insights - Sterling Sky Inc sterlingsky.ca / google-my-busi...
3 Reasons Why You should Ignore the Views Metric in Google My Business Insights - Sterling Sky Inc sterlingsky.ca / google-my-business-insights...
3 Reasons Why Investors Should Ignore the Views Metric in Google My Business Insights in Lonely Sky Inc sterlingsky.ca/google-my-busi…
3 Reasons for Why Like You Should Ignore the Views Metric in Google My Business Insights - Sterling Hot Sky Inc 2010 sterlingsky. ca / s google - on my - best busi http …
Five Reasons Why Two Would Ignore the Options Available in Google Your Business Insights - Sterling Sky Inc sterlingsky.ca/google-my-busi...
Yo wtf i was in a study mindset and i check google for answers and somehow i spend 10 minutes on here. Wtf
Yo wtf I was in a study mentality and I check google for answers and somehow I spend 10 minutes here. Wtf
Yo wtf i was in a study mindset and i check google for answers and somehow i spend 10 minutes on here. Wtf
Yo wtf i was in a study mindset and we check google for answers and somehow i spend 10 minutes on youtube. Wtf
Yo wtf i was in a biology study mindset too and i did check the google for the answers and somehow i spend us 10 minutes on here. Wtf
Yo wtf i was in a study mindset where i even google for books only somehow i spend 10 minutes on here. Wtf
"@AndroidDev I've just noticed an issue while upgrading Android Gradle Plugin from 3.5.0 to 3.6.3
"@ AndroidDev I just noticed a problem while upgrading Android Gradle plugin from 3.5.0 to 3.6.3
"@ AndroidDev I just noticed a problem when upgrading Android Gradle from 3.5.0 to 3.6.3
"@AndroidDev I've actually noticed an anomaly while upgrading the Gradle Plugin Model 3.5.0 to 3.6.3
"@AndroidDev I've just noticed an issue while upgrading Android Gradle Memory Plugin from 3. 5. 3 0 up to 3. 6. Chapter 3
"@AndroidDev I've just noticed some issue while connecting Android Developer Plugin from 3.5.0 with 3.6.3
THEY BROKE GOOGLE JJVJDFNVJLDF
THEY BROKE GOOGLE YYYDFNVJLDF
ИГОРЬ БРОКЕ ГООГЛЯ ЖЕЙВЯНВЯНВЯНВЯНВЯНВЯНВЯНВЯНВЯНВЯНВЯНВЯНВЯНВЯНВЯНВЯНВЯНВЯНВЯНВЯНВЯНВЯНВЯНВЯНВЯНВЯНВЯНВЯНВЯНВЯНВЯНВЯНВЯНВЯНВЯНВЯНВЯНВЯНВЯНВЯНВЯНВЯНВЯНВЯНВЯЯ
THEY BROKE HEAD JJVJDFNVJLDF
1 THEY AM BROKE TO GOOGLE JJVJDFNVJLDF
THEY MAY GOOGLE A
"@PontiacMadeDDG said “Google my net worth
"@ PontiacMadeDDG said: ""Google my net worth
"@ PontiacMadeDDG said: ""Google my net worth
"@PontiacMadeDDG said “Google my net worth
"@PontiacMadeDDG said “ Google my entire net worth
"they said see my net time
@JukinMedia youtube.com/watch?v=j5Ms4g… @mmoxreview @TeamYouTube @Google @verified @Twitter  Well we all told you we will be shitting on you like lactose intolerant. We warned you. Delete all your posts from the internet all you want.  We have all the time in the world.
"@ JukinMedia youtube.com / watch? v = j5Ms4g... @ mmoxreview @ TeamYouTube @ Google @ verified @ Twitter Well
"@ JukinMedia youtube.com / watch? v = j5Ms4g... @ mmoxreview @ YouTube @ Google @ verified @ Twitter Well
@JukinMedia youtube.com/watch?v=j5Ms4g… @mmoxreview @TeamYouTube @Google @verified @Twitter  Well we have told you we will be spying on everybody like lactose intolerant. Just warned you. Delete all your posts from the internet all you want.  We have all the secrets round they world.
0 @JukinMedia youtube. com / watch? v = j5Ms4g … 3 @mmoxreview @TeamYouTube @Google @verified @Twitter Well we all told off you otherwise we will be shitting on you like lactose are intolerant. We warned you. I Delete back all your posts straight from the internet all because you want. So We have all the time in the world.
@JukinMedia youtube.com/watch?v=j5Ms4g... @mmoxreview @TeamYouTube @Google R @verified Well it already told you we will never shitting on you like lactose intolerant. We guarantee you. Keep off your posts from social internet all you want. We have spread the time throughout the world.
Useless in SA
Useless in South Africa
Useless in South Africa
Useless in London
Useless equipment in SA
are in SA
"F*ck I didn't make any SC but I was on the google ""Washington dc"" google news page
"F * ck I didn't do SC
"F * ck I didn't make any SC but I was on the google ""Washington dc"" google news page
"F*ck I didn't make any SC but I stayed on the google ""Washington dc"" google news page
"F * ck... I sure didn'd t make any SC but finally I was on the full google "" Washington Daily dc "" google news and page
"F*ck They didn't make any SC links I saw on the google ""Washington dc"" google news page
A Google Search bug wreaked havoc on the search results last night dlvr.it/RdR4Fb https://t.co/7l91i6QZKN
A bug in Google's search last night wreaked havoc in search results at dlvr.it / RdR4Fb https: / / t.co / 7l91i6QZKN
The Google Search error caused chaos in the search results last night dr.it / RdR4Fb.
A Google Search bug wreaked havoc on the search results of weekend dlvr.it/RdR4Fb https://t.co/7l91i6QZKN]
· A Google web Search bug wreaked havoc on learning the web search results last night dlvr. it / h RdR4Fb · https://t.co/7l91i6QZKN ]
A Google web bug caused havoc on my search results last week dlvr.it/RdR4Fb https://t.co/7l91i6QZKN]
"You know when you Google lyrics because you can't quite get it?. Just did that with Double Dutch by Malcolm Maclaren. . Sounds like ""Ebo ebonette"". Disappointingly it's ""Ebo ebonette"""
"Do you know when you google lyrics because you can't quite understand them?. That's what I did with Double Dutch by Malcolm Maclaren.. Sounds like ""Ebo ebonette."" Disappointingly
"You know when you google texts because you can't get them?. Just did it with Malcolm McLaren's Double Dutch... Sob like ""Ebo ebonette."" Unfortunately
"You know when to Google lyrics because you can't quite get it?. Just did that with Happy Dutch with Malcolm Maclaren.. I like ""Ebo ebonette"". Disappointingly it's ""Ebo ebonette"""
"You know when when you simply Google lyrics because you can't just quite get it?. We Just did all that with Double Dutch by Malcolm Ross Maclaren.. Sounds exactly like "" Ebo un ebonette "". Disappointingly when it's "" Ebo a ebonette """
"You know when you Google it because you haven't quite spell it?. Or try it with Double Dutch by Malcolm Maclaren.. Sounds like ""Ebo ebonette"". Disappointingly isn's ""Ebo ebonette"""
"the google ""meet"" video conferencing platform is by far the worst"
"The Google video conferencing platform ""meet"" is by far the worst"
"Google's ""meet"" videoconferencing platform is surely the worst"
"the google ""meet"" video conferencing platform was by far the worst"
"also the google "" meet "" video conferencing service platform is by far the equal worst"
"is google ""meet"" video conferencing platform is by far their worst"
"Everytime @google+ is sued
"Every time @ google + is sued
"Every time @ google + is sued
"Everytime @google+ is sued
"Everytime a @google + 2 is sued
"Everytime @google+ is on
Please hear us out.. . Hi @Google.  . We noticed that  . @weareoneEXO
Please hear us... Hello @ Google.. We noticed. @ weareoneEXO
Please hear us out... Hi @ Google.. We noticed that. @ weareoneEXO
Please chill us out.. - Hi @Google. . We noticed that . @weareoneEXO
And Please hear right us out... Hi @Google.. by We noticed that. By @weareoneEXO
Please hear us in... Not everyone.. We noticed that. @Google
YES! @Google  . Anti-Trust lawsuit !
YES! @ google. Anti-trust lawsuit!
YES! @ Google. Antitrust suit!
YES! @Google <unk> Anti-Trust lawsuit!
YES! @Google. com Anti - Trust Corporation lawsuit!
Injury! Law. Anti-Trust lawsuit!
"My google hangouts is not working
"My google hangouts won't work
"My google hangouts is not working
"My google hangouts is not working
"My google shopping hangouts is not working
"on google hangouts is not working
Google treats me like I’m a fucking idiot... pic.twitter.com/fSVAmGV4hl
Google treats me like a fucking idiot... pic.twitter.com / fSVAmGV4hl
Google bullying me like I'm a fucking idiot... pic.wikipedia.org / fAmGV4.com
Google treats me like I’m a fucking idiot... pic.twitter.com/fSVAmGV4hl
2014 Google treats me like I’m a fucking idiot... pic.twitter.com/fSVAmGV4hl
what
Wow I’m not going on google photos again I am now sad once again
"Wow
Wow I'm not going on google photos again I am now sad once again
Wow I’m not relying on google photos again I am now sad once again
Wow I actually ’ m not going on google photos again I truly am just now sad once again
Wow I’m not going on google photos again I have feeling sad once again
@DoT_India @rsprasad @GoI_MeitY @MTNLMbiOfficial Why in the world have you blocked  
@ DoT _ India @ rsprasad @ GoI _ MeitY @ MTNLMbiOfficial Why on earth have you blocked
@ DoT _ India @ rsad @ GoI _ tY @ MTNLMbiOfficial Why in the world have you blocked
@DoT_India @rsprasad @GoI_MeitY @MTNLMbiOfficial Why all the world have you blocked
@DoT_India @rsprasad @GoI_MeitY @MTNLMbiOfficial Not Why how in the other world have have you blocked
@DoT_India @rsprasad O @GoI_MeitY Why in the world have it just
. .. please update your Google maps.. It has given you a wrong location.
.. please update your Google Maps.. It has given you an incorrect location.
... please update your Google maps.. It has given you a wrong location.
... please update your Google maps.. It once given you a wrong location.
... or please update every your available Google maps.. It has given you a wrong location.
... please update your Google maps.. She has chosen many a wrong location.
@SCRABBLE_EA I keep getting message about your dictionary updating not working so I actually did what you said and restarted my app.  
"@ SCRABBLE _ EA I keep getting message that updating your dictionary is not working
"@ SCBLE _ EA I keep getting messages saying your dictionary isn't working
@SCRABBLE_EA I kept getting message about your dictionary thing not working so I actually did what you said and restarted my app.
@SCRABBLE_EA I keep getting your message deep about your stupid dictionary updating not working so I actually did what happened you said earlier and restarted my app.
@SCRABBLE_EA I were getting message about your dictionary updating not happening so I actually did what you wanted and restarted my dictionary.
Imagine my shock.
Imagine my shock.
Imagine my shock.
Imagine my legacy.
Imagine my immediate shock.
Imagine this shock.
Mr.Pichai plz give answer. Or you want people of India do boycott of Android platform.. @sundarpichai
Mr. Pichai plz give answer. Or you want the people of India to boycott the Android platform.. @ sundarpichai
Mr.Pichai plz give answer. Or you want people of India do boycott of Android platform.. @ sundarpichai
Mr.Pichai plz give answer. Or you in Rest of India do boycott of Android platform.. @sundarpichai
Mr. P Pichai plz would give answer. 5 Or be you want people of India do boycott products of Android platform.. @sundarpichai
a.Pichai plz your answer. Or you want government of India in boycott of Android platform.. @sundarpichai
what is google gon do without adobe flash LMAO i'm so mad what about my mfn games :'(
"what is google gon do without adobe flash LMAO i am so crazy about my mfn games: ""("
I'm so mad that about my mfn games: '(
what is google f zo without adobe flash LMAO i'm so mad what about my mfn games :'(
So what is my google gon do without adobe flash like LMAO which i'm so mad for what about my endless mfn games :'(
what is google gon do now mega flash LMAO i'm so mad what are your mfn games :'(
Literally not okay
Literally out of order
Literally out of order
Literally fucking okay
18 Literally not okay
Literally am okay
I miss stuff like this in Assassin's Creed  . . store.playstation.com/ 
I miss stuff like that in Assassin's Creed.. store.playstation.com /
I miss such things at Assassin's Creed... store.playstation.com /
I miss stuff like gameplay in Assassin's Creed .. store.playstation.com/
I miss hearing stuff about like this in Assassin's Creed.. com store. view playstation. com /
I wear stuff like how at Assassin's Creed.. store.playstation.com/
"You sucks guys you know that ! For me you are Fucking bullshit kiss my ass do you understand
"You suck guys you know! To me you guys are shit guys kissing my ass
"You sucks guys you know that! For me you are Fucking bullshit kiss my ass do you understand
"You sucks guys you know that. For me you are Fucking bullshit kiss my dick<unk> you understand
"You fuck sucks up guys you you know that! For telling me you are his Fucking bullshit kiss my ass do you understand
"You sucks guys you know that! For some you total Fucking bullshit kiss my ass does not understand
ive had enough of this sexist bullshit
I've had enough of this sexist shit
We had enough of this sexist bullshit
ive had enough and this sexist bullshit
ive had enough of practicing this sexist bullshit
ive had enough hearing this sexist bullshit
"The absolute best decision they could have made for this game. It looks like a blast
"The absolutely best decision they could have made for this game. It looks like an explosion
"Absolutely the best decision they could make for this game. Looks like an explosion
"The absolute best decision they could have made for this game. It looks like some blast
"25 The absolute best decision they could could have possibly made was for this game. It sure looks like a blast
"The absolute best decision he could have made for this title. It looks like a winner
"@Ubisoft @assassinscreed Please Make A Constant 60fps mode option in Next Gen Consoles Atleast
"@ Ubisoft @ assassinscreed Please set a constant 60fps mode option in Next Gen Consoles Atleast
"@ Ubisoft @ increased Please Make A Constant 60fps mode option in Next Gen Consoles Atleast
"@Ubisoft @assassinscreed To Make A Constant 60fps mode option in Next Two Consoles Atleast
"@Ubisoft @assassinscreed Please Please Make Yourself A Constant 60fps mode option in Next First Gen Consoles Atleast
"@Ubisoft @assassinscreed Please have A really Fast mode option that Next the Consoles Atleast
Not a good sign. And the replacement is a Assassins Creed/Far Cry lackey.
And the replacement is an Assassin's Creed / Far Cry lackey.
Not a good sign. And the replacement is Assassins Creed / Far Cry law.
Not a good sign. And the replacement included a Assassins Creed/Far Cry lackey.
2 Not a good sign. And the permanent replacement is both a Assassins Creed / Far a Cry lackey.
Not too nice sign. And the replacement as a Assassins Creed/Far Cry lackey.
"Secretly hoping that the part where it's bigger in size than Odyssey or Origins is false. I am so tired of these HUGE open worlds. I could appreciate Odyssey and Origins
"Secretly
"I am so tired of these Huge Open Worlds. I might appreciate Odyssey and Odyssey
"Secretly praying that every part where it's bigger in size than Odyssey or Origins is false. I am completely tired reading these HUGE open worlds. I could appreciate Odyssey and Origins
"Secretly hoping that being the part where maybe it's bigger in size even than Odyssey or Origins is false. I am really so tired of these ridiculous HUGE open worlds. Maybe I probably could appreciate Odyssey and Origins
"like getting this their part where it's bigger in size than Odyssey or Origins is false. I am so incapable of feeling HUGE open worlds. I could appreciate Odyssey with Origins
Don’t fuck up like the movie
Not as damned as the film
Don't fuck up like the movie
Don’t fuck up for the movie
Don ’ t fuck up just like the movie
Don’t fuck up in the movie
I'm supporting @whichuk's campaign to end price gouging. Sign up too! →  campaigns.which.co.uk/price-gouging via @whichuk  
I support @ whichuk's campaign to end price gouging. Also sign up! → Campaigns.which.co.uk / price-gouging via @ whichuk
I support the @ whichuk campaign to stop price scams. Sign up too! → campaigning.which.co.uk / price-gouging via @ whichuk
I'm supporting his campaign to end price deregulation. Sign up too! →  campaigns.which.co.uk/price-gouging © @whichuk
I'm supporting from @whichuk's campaign to permanently end price chain gouging. Please Sign up you too! YouTube → campaigns. through which. co. uk / price - gouging via Twitter @whichuk
<unk>'m supporting Michael's campaign to ban salary gouging. Sign on by! <unk> campaigns.which.co.uk/price-gouging via @whichuk
 
It is not the first time that the EU Commission has taken such a step.
"At the same time



Wtf?????  Releasing early to match series X release date?
Wtf???? Early Release Matching the Release Date of Series X?
Wtf??? Releasing early to match series X release date?
Wtf?????  Releasing early to match series X release today?
Wtf????? Releasing from early to full match series X set release date?
Wtf????? Releasing close to his series X release date?
Ugh fuck off with the mythological bullshit in Assassins Creed. It never made sense and never will.
Ugh fuck off with the mythological bullshit in Assassins Creed. That never made sense and never will.
"Ugh
Ugh fuck off with the title version in Assassins Creed. It never made sense and never will.
Ugh fuck off familiar with the mythological bullshit found in Assassins Creed. It never made any sense and never ever will.
Ugh playing around with the mythological bullshit about Assassins Creed. It never made sense and never will.
this gotta be fake
This must be fake
this muck will be fake
this would be fake
this gotta all be fake
this gotta be about
 . I miss this... pic.twitter.com/VzPmpvVYDf
. I miss that... pic.twitter.com / VzPmpvVYDf
I miss it... pic.wikipedia.org / VzPmpvVYDf
 . I miss this... pic.twitter.com/VzPmpvVYDf
2014  . I miss this... pic.twitter.com/VzPmpvVYDf
to
This is outrageous and sadly unsurprising at the same time.
This is both outrageous and sadly unsurprising.
This is outrageous and at the same time sad.
This is outrageous and somehow unsurprising at the same time.
This is outrageous and sadly just unsurprising at the entire same same time.
case is outrageous and sadly unsurprising in the same time.
"Okay
"Okay
"Okay
"Okay
"Or Okay
"Okay
"And it’s obvious she was suppose to be the lead. While her and Alexios are the same character with the same story and same dialogue
"While she and Alexios are the same character with the same story and the same dialogue
"Although she and Alexios are the same character
"And it’s obvious she was suppose to be the lead. While her side Alexios are the same character with the main story and same dialogue
"My And it ’ s obvious she too was suppose t to be the lead. While her and Alexios are the same basic character even with both the same story and same dialogue
"And it’s wrong she was suppose to get the lead. Although her and Alexios are the same character with the same story behind same plot
Damn
Damned
The Curse
Damn
Hey Damn
Damn
Alexios or Kassandra that game is hot fucking trash
Alexios or Cassandra this game is hot fucking trash
Alexios or Cassandra That Game's Hot Throat
Alexios or Kassandra that game is absolute fucking trash
Alexios or Kassandra that game he is hot and fucking trash
Adam or Kassandra that game is hot fucking trash
amazing that people find the time to argue about the difference between democratic socialism and social democracy while I'm still struggling to finish Assassin's Creed Odyssey
Amazing that people are finding the time to argue about the difference between democratic socialism and social democracy while I am still struggling to finish Assassin's Creed Odyssey.
"It is surprising that people find time to argue about the difference between democratic socialism and social democracy
amazing that writers find the time to argue about the difference between democratic rights and social democracy while I'm still struggling to finish Assassin's Creed Odyssey
amazing that people can find the time to argue about all the difference inherent between democratic socialism theory and social democracy while still I'M m still struggling to finish Assassin's Creed Odyssey
wonder that folks find the patience to argue about the difference between democratic socialism and social democracy while I'm busy struggling to finish Assassin's New Odyssey
God what the fuck UBISOFT REMASTER ORIGINAL ASSASSINS CREED  /PLEASE/
God what the hell UBISOFT REMASTER ORIGINAL ASSASSINS CREED / PLEASE /
"God
God what the fuck UBISOFT WAS ORIGINAL ICE CREED  /PLEASE/
Ah God... what the bloody fuck THE UBISOFT A REMASTER ORIGINAL ASSASSINS AS CREED / PLEASE /
God what the universe means REMASTER ORIGINAL ASSASSINS<unk> /PLEASE/
Sometimes I feel sad talking about Assassin's Creed because the stories and gameplay I fell in love with so many years ago have been nearly abandoned entirely. . 
Sometimes I feel sad when I talk about Assassin's Creed because the stories and gameplay I fell in love with so many years ago have been almost completely abandoned.
"Sometimes I'm sad to talk about Assassin's Creed
Sometimes I feel guilty talking about Assassin's Creed because the stories and gameplay I fell in love with so much years ago have grown nearly abandoned entirely..
Sometimes I almost feel sad talking only about your Assassin's Creed because the big stories and gameplay I fell in deep love with there so many years ago have been nearly abandoned entirely..
Sometimes I feel sad speaking about Assassin's Creed where the stories and ideas I fell in love over so many years ago have been nearly abandoned entirely..
Good thing I played all that Assasin's creed!  
Good to have played all that Assasin's Creed!
It's good that I played all of this Assassin's credo!
Good work I played all that Assasin's creed!
Good as thing I played all that over Assasin's creed!
Good thing America played all that christian's creed!
This will also be trash.
"That
"That
This will also filter trash.
7 This will also be trash.
This can also be trash.
I hate the Assassins creed modern shit.
I hate the modern shit of assassins.
"I hate the Assasins ""credo of modern shit."
I hate the corporate creed modern shit.
I just hate the Assassins creed to modern shit.
I thought the Assassins creed modern shit.
I just realised that the best Assassins Creed game we’re never going to get is AC: Discworld.
I just realized that the best Assassin's Creed game we're never going to get is AC: Discworld.
I just realized that the best Assassins Creed game we'll never get is AC: Discworld.
I just realised probably the best Assassins Creed game we’re never going to hear is AC: Discworld.
I just realised that around the best Assassins Creed game we ’ re really never going ahead to get is with AC : AD Discworld.
I just realised that potentially best Assassins Creed product we’re never going to get is AC: Discworld.
"I think the most nuts thing Ubisoft has ever done is take a widely successful new Assassin’s Creed game (origins) and literally whitewash it by just changing the skins and putting out an incomplete
"I think the craziest thing Ubisoft has ever done is to take a widely successful new Assassin's Creed game (its origins) and literally whitewash it by simply changing skin and releasing an incomplete
"I think the scariest thing Ubisoft has ever done is take a widely successful new Assassin's Creed game and literally whitewash it
"I think the most nuts thing Activision has ever done will take a widely successful new Assassin’s Creed game (origins) and literally whitewash everyone by just changing the skins and putting on an awful
"I think the most nuts thing Ubisoft studio has ever done is take a widely very successful new Assassin ’ Justice s Guild Creed game ( origins ) from and literally literally whitewash out it all by just changing the two skins... and putting out an incomplete
"I guess the most nuts thing Nintendo has ever done are take a widely successful 80 Assassin’s Road game (origins) and literally whitewash it by just investing in skins or putting out an incomplete
Well... that was sort of underwhelming.
Well... that was kind of underwhelming.
Well... it was kind of puzzling.
Well... that was something of underwhelming.
My Well... that situation was sort of underwhelming.
Well... that was sort of underwhelming.
I completed assassins creed the ezio colletction but now i cant seem to enjoy the third game bit.ly/3jStdu5
"I finished Assassins Credo of the ezio Colletction
I finished my career as a player but now it seems I can't enjoy the third game.
I was assassins creed the ezio colletction but now i cant seem quite enjoy the third game alt.ly/3jStdu5
I completed our assassins creed the ezio di colletction but now i still cant seem to enjoy watching the third game this bit. 2 ly / 3jStdu5
I love assassins creed of ezio colletction but now i would seem well enjoy the third half bit.ly/3jStdu5
"which assassins creed game was it where ubisoft released a ""remaster"" and it looked so so so much worse than the original and everyone memed on it for like 2 weeks? i want to look at those memes and laugh."
"which murderous faith game was it in which ubisoft released a ""remaster"" and it looked so much worse than the original and on which memes were memorized every two weeks? I want to look at these memes and laugh."
"What game was his credo
"which assassins creed game was it where ubisoft released a ""remaster"" and it looked so so so much better than the original and even memed on it for like 30 minutes? i want to look at those memes and laugh."
"which was assassins creed game was in it where the ubisoft released a "" remaster "" and it always looked so so... so much worse than the video original and everyone memed on it for like other 2 good weeks? i want to go look at those memes funny and laugh."
"which assassins creed now was it where ubisoft released a ""remaster"" and some looked just bad so much worse than the master yet everyone memed through it for like 2 weeks? i want to stare at those memes and laugh."
@UbisoftSupport  I just installed (again) assassin’s creed odyssey and I have a problem; I am unable to find new game + feature when I start the game. Is there anything I can do to activate it because I already finished main story a few months ago? (Ps4 platform) pic.twitter.com/KZ9pUp6OD8
@ UbisoftSupport I just installed (again) Assassin's Creed Odyssey and have a problem; I can't find a new game + feature when I start the game. Is there anything I can do to activate it because I finished the main story a few months ago? (ps4 platform) pic.twitter.com / KZ9pUp6OD8
"@ Ubis6OD8 I just installed (again)'s ""Odyssey of Faith"" and I have a problem: I can't find a new game + function when starting the game."
RhandlerR  I just installed (again) assassin’s creed odyssey and I have a problem; I am unable to find new game + feature when I start the game. Is there anything I can do to activate it because I already finished main story a few months ago? (Ps4 platform) pic.twitter.com/KZ9pUp6OD8
V RhandlerR  I just installed (again) assassin’s creed odyssey and I have a problem; I am unable to find new game + feature when I start the game. Is there anything I can do to activate it because I already finished main story a few months ago? (Ps4 platform) pic.twitter.com/KZ9pUp6OD8
to
Assassins Creed : Valhalla looks like it’s gonna be the worst AC game yet.  Watch Dogs 3 looks sick tho
Assassins Creed: Valhalla looks like it's the worst AC game ever. Watch Dogs 3 looks sick.
Assassins Creed: Valhalla looks like it's gonna be the worst AC game yet. Watch Dogs 3 looks sick tho
Assassins Creed : Valhalla looks like it’s gonna be its worst AC movie yet.  Watch Dogs 3 looks sick tho
Assassins Joe Creed : Valhalla looks like it ’ s gonna be the worst big AC game yet. And Watch Dogs 3 looks like sick as tho
Assassins Creed : Valhalla looking like it’s gonna be the worst AC comic in. Blood Dogs 3 looks sick tho
I'm watching reviews of the next assassins creed and I'm baffled Ubisoft has managed to burn out the formula of nu AC in only three titles. Return to tradition
I look at the reviews of the next assassin's creed and am amazed that Ubisoft has managed to burn out nu AC's formula in just three titles.
"I look at reviews of the next films
I'm watching reviews to the next assassins creed and I'm baffled Ubisoft has managed to burn out the formula of nu mechanics in only five titles. Return to tradition
I'm also watching reviews of yet the next assassins creed game and I'm m baffled Ubisoft has managed to totally burn out out the formula back of nu AC Comics in only three titles. Return to tradition
in'm watching reviews of the old assassins creed and I'm baffled Ubisoft already had to burn out the formula of nu AC of only three years. Return to tradition
"i forgot how bad is the graphic in first assassin's creed
"I forgot how bad the graphic is in the creed of the first assassin
"I forgot how bad the drawing in the first part is
"i forgot how bad is the graphic in the assassin's creed
"if i forgot how bad is all the graphic in first assassin'of s creed
"i forgot how bad be the faith in first priest's creed
"My experience with ASSASSIN'S CREED: ODYSSEY. . ""WTF? Are those the opening credits? I've been playing this for days! Where's the Spider-Man disc?"""
"My experience with ASSASSIN'S CREED: ODYSSEY. ""WTF? Is that the opening credits? I've been playing this for days! Where's the Spider-Man record?"""
"My experience with ASSASSIN'S CREED: ODYSSEY... ""WTF? Are these the first titles? I've been playing it for a few days! Where is Spider-Man's CD?"""
"My experience with ASSASSIN'S CREED: Great.. ""WTF? Are those the opening panels? Was bee playing this for days! Where's the Spider-Man disc?"""
"a My experience with ASSASSIN'TO S CREED : An ODYSSEY.. "" and WTF? Are those just the opening credits? Because I've been playing this for four days!... Where's half the Spider - Man music disc? """
"My experience with ASSASSIN'S A: ODYSSEY.. ""WTF? Are those the opening credits? I've been thinking only four days! Where's any old-Man comic?"""
"i swear mfs just be talking out they ass bro
"I swear MFs just talk their ass out
"i swear mfs just be talking out they ass bro
"i swear mfs just starting talking out they ass bro
"could i swear mfs just be talking u out they ass i bro
"i swear mfs just be<unk> out they say bro
Watching this made my witch brain hurt and my soul cry out in pain.
"When I saw this
"Watching it
Watching this made my witch brain spin and my soul cry out in pain.
Watching half this made my little witch brain hurt and my soul cry out out in pain.
Watching them made my broken brain hurt and my soul cry out in pain.
This is your fault guards for standing in my way and now pay the price. .  
It is your fault that you are standing in my way and paying the price now.
It is your fault that you got in my way and are now paying the price...
This is your fault guards for standing in my way and now getting the price..
This place is your fault guards for standing in my way and now I pay the wrong price..
This is your fault guards for standing in against way and now consider the price..
DAMN . 
DAMN.
DAMN.
DAMN AT
THE DAMN.
is.
"@UbisoftSupport trying to get Assassin’s Creed 2 for free
"@ UbisoftSupport is trying to get Assassin's Creed 2 for free
"@ Ubisoft Support is trying to get Assassin's Creed 2 for free as advertised in the Uplay store
"RhandlerR trying to get Assassin’s Creed 2 for free
"A RhandlerR trying to get Assassin’s Creed 2 for free
<unk>
"shit
"Shit
"shit
"shit
"shit
"shit
Waiting to see how they gonna fuck this one up.
Let's wait and see how they fuck it.
Waiting to see how they gonna fuck this one up.
Waiting to see how they gonna screw this one up.
Waiting to just see how they gonna al fuck this one up.
Waiting to wonder how they gonna fuck this one up.
Gamers really upset you can play a female Viking in the new assassins creed and Ubisoft said “die mad”
"Players really upset you can play a female Viking in the new Assassin's Creed and Ubisoft said ""die crazy"""
"Gamers are very upset that you can play a Viking woman in a new movie
Gamers really upset you can play a female Viking in our new assassins creed and Ubisoft to “die mad”
Gamers you really upset you can play a female Viking villain in the new British assassins creed and when Ubisoft said “ die mad then ”
Gamers really upset and gonna play a female Viking in the new marketing campaign and Ubisoft said “die mad”
"Oh my fucking god
"Oh my god
"Oh my fucking god
"Oh my fucking god
"Oh my my mean fucking god
"Oh my holy god
Ghost of tsushima is a better assassins creed game than modern assassins creed
The spirit of Tsushima is a better creed of assassins than the modern creed of assassins
"""The Ghost of the Queen"" is a better game than today's ""The Ghost of the Queen"""
Ghost of tsushima is a better assassins creed game than modern assassins game
A Ghost of the tsushima is a better assassins creed game than modern assassins on creed
Ghost of tsushima is a bigger monster creed game than actual assassins creed
Uh oh! I guess I won’t be buying or trying latest AC game that soon then
Er oh! I guess I won't be buying or trying the latest AC game anytime soon.
"Ugh! I don't think I'm going to buy or try the last AC game
Uh oh! I guess we won’t be buying or trying latest favorite game that soon then
Uh Uh oh! OK I guess that I won ’ t be buying or trying latest AC game that soon then
Uh oh! I surely so could be buying or trying latest AC game that soon then
"Finally playing Kingdom Come:. Deliverance.. . Man this game got so much unnecessary BS thrown at it by the press. It’s quite enjoyable and there should be more games like it in other places & times.. . Assassin’s Creed is fine and all
"Finally Kingdom Come: Play Deliverance... man
"Finally
"Finally playing Kingdom Come:. Deliverance... Man this game got so much unnecessary BS thrown into it by the press. Overall quite fine and there should be more games like it in other places & times.. Like Assassin’s Creed is fine after all
"Finally playing Kingdom Come :. Deliverance... Man this game got me so So much unnecessary BS thrown at it by the French press. It to ’ the s quite enjoyable and there should be plenty more games like exploring it in other places & times... Assassin ’ or s International Creed is fine and not all
"Finally playing Kingdom Come:. Deliverance... Man this game got so much shit BS thrown at it including the critics. It’s quite enjoyable and they should be more titles like it in other publications at times... Assassin’s Creed all fine and all
lrt aunq yo acorto assassins creed como ASSCREED xq fuck you that’s why
lrt aunq yo acorto assassins creed como ASSCREED xq fuck you that's why
launq yo acorto ins creed como ASSCREED xq fuck you that's why
lrt aunq yo acorto assassins creed como ASSCREED you fuck and that’s why
lrt aunq yo acorto assassins your creed como you ASSCREED xq am fuck in you that That ’ s why
lrt aunq yo get assassins creed como fuck xq fuck god that’s pretty
Assassin's creed syndicate probably the worst game in the series
Assassin's Creed Syndicate probably the worst game of the series
Assassin's Creed syndicate may be the worst game of the series
Assassin's creed syndicate probably the worst run in the series
The Assassin's s creed syndicate probably the worst game in of the series
Assassin's Guild syndicate probably our worst game in the series
"After looking forward to and then really disliking both Assassin's Creed and Macbeth I am pleased to say I really liked The True History of the Kelly Gang. I loved the undercurrent of tension in so much of the dialogue
"After looking forward to both Assassin's Creed and Macbeth
"I was looking forward to
"After looking forward to and then really disliking both Assassin's Creed and Macbeth I be sad to say I really liked The True History of the Kelly Gang. I loved the undercurrent of tension in so much all the dialogue
"After looking forward to and then really long disliking both Assassin's Creed and Macbeth I still am most pleased to say I really liked The True American History Unit of the Kelly Gang. I still loved doing the undercurrent of physical tension in character so that much of the dialogue
"After looking forward to and then still wanting both Assassin's Creed and Macbeth and am pleased to learn I really liked The True History of John Kelly Gang. I love the undercurrent of tension in so little of the dialogue
Please don’t fuck this up
Please don't piss off
Please don't fuck this up
Please don’t fuck this!!
Please don ’ didn t fuck this up
I don’t fuck this up
This is going to be like skyrim but terrible
"This will be like a skyscraper
"It will be like a parachute
This is going will be like skyrim but terrible
This is my going there to be like skyrim but terrible
This is about to be like skyrim but terrible
Screw it. I did the thing. .  
I did the thing.
Screw. I did what I did...
Screw ing. I did the thing..
And Screw it. I finally did the thing..
Screw it. I did not thing..
Certainly not me.. . Big AAA game companies don't interest me anymore with their cash grabbing full-priced garbage with microtransactions thrown on top.
Certainly not me... Big AAA game manufacturers no longer interest me when they grab the full price garbage with micro transactions thrown on top of it.
"Not me
Certainly not me.. the Big AAA game companies don't interest me anymore despite their headline grabbing full-priced garbage with microtransactions thrown on top.
... Certainly not me... Big five AAA game companies just don't interest me anymore with half their big cash grabbing full - priced American garbage with microtransactions thrown on top.
Certainly not me... Big AAA game companies wouldn't interest me anymore with their customers grabbing premium-priced garbage with shit sitting on top.
sometimes i feel like such an old grandma playing games.... a few months ago i bought assassin’s creed origins bc it was on sale and like 20 minutes in i was like “hm... this is too violent for me!” and never touched it again SKSJSBSB
"sometimes I feel like such an old granny playing games.... a few months ago I bought the creed of the assassin bc it was on sale and how 20 minutes inside me was like ""hm... this is too violent for me!"" and never touched it again SKSJSBSB"
"Sometimes I feel like such an old grandma playing games... a few months ago I bought her credo
sometimes i feel like such stupid old grandma at games.... a few moments ago i bought assassin’s creed origins because it was on sale and like 20 minutes in i was like “hm... this is too violent for me!” and never touched weapons again SKSJSBSB
sometimes i feel like somebody such as an old grandma for playing games.... a few months ago i never bought assassin ’ s creed origins like bc it was on sale and like 20 million minutes in i was like “ hm... this is no too violent for me! ” and i never touched it anything again like SKSJSBSB
because i feel really like an old grandma collecting games.... so 5 month ago i bought assassin’s creed origins bc it was on sale and like 20 minutes in i was like “hm... this is too violent on me!” and never touched this<unk> SKSJSBSB
disappointed no gamplay revealed at all
Disappointed no gameplay revealed
disappointed that the gameplay has not been detected at all
disappointed no passwords revealed at all
he disappointed no gamplay revealed at all
disappointed is gamplay revealed at all
Would have been much better as a series tbh. Cramming two storylines into an hour and a half had so much issues. Though Arno cameo was fanservice yessir.
Would have been much better than a series tbh. To squeeze two storylines in an hour and a half had so many problems. Although Arno Cameo fanservice was yessir.
"It would have been much better if the tb.Two storylines in an hour and a half had had so many problems
Would have been much better as a series tbh. Cramming two episodes into an hour and a half had so much issues. Though Arno It was fanservice enough.
Would probably have been much better as taking a series then tbh. Cramming two short storylines into an hour and a half that had so much issues. Though like Arno its cameo was fanservice yessir.
Would have made much time for a series tbh. Cramming two storylines into an hour and a break had so much issues. Though Arno seems just fanservice yessir.
"Trying to cover up their shitty
"Trying to cover up her shitty
"Trying to hide their shit
"Trying to cover for their shitty
"Trying to cover us up their shitty
"Trying to blow up their shitty
@assassinscreed ok just break my heart and make me kill Daphnae. The only romance in Odyssey that i cared about and i have to kill her . 
"@ assassinscreed ok
@ increased ok just break my heart and make me kill Daphnae. The only romantic in Odyssey that i cared about and i have to kill her.
@assassinscreed ok just break my heart and make me kill Daphnae.<unk> only romance in Odyssey that i cared if and i have to leave her.
@assassinscreed ok just break hold my heart myself and make me kill Daphnae. The only romance in Odyssey heart that much i very cared about and i still have to kill her.
@assassinscreed ok its break me heart or make me kill Daphnae. The only creature of Odyssey that i cared about now i have to kill her.
DONT FUCK IT UP
DONT FICK IT UP
DONT FUCK IT UP
DONT COVER IT UP
DONT THE FUCK IT UP
TO FUCK IT UP
This is based as fuck
This is based as shit
This is based as fuck
This is based solid fuck
And This is based as fuck
This is based as the
@Xbox @Ubisoft @assassinscreed That's not gameplay.
@ Xbox @ Ubisoft @ assassinscreed This is not gameplay.
@ Xbox @ Ubisoft @ increased This is not a gameplay.
@Xbox... @Ubisoft That's not gameplay.
3 @Xbox 1 @Ubisoft 3 @assassinscreed That's not gameplay.
@Xbox @Ubisoft<unk> That's great gameplay.
Dead ass franchise
Dead Donkey franchise
The Dead Donkey franchise
Dead Rising franchise
Dead ass mobile franchise
Dead ass says
40 MINUTES TO DOWNLOAD APEX LEGENDS WTF
40 minutes to download APEX LEGENDS WTF
40 MINUTES TO DOWNLOAD APEX LEGENDS WTF
40 MINUTES TO DOWNLOAD APEX<unk> WTF
CHAPTER 40 ONE MINUTES TO DOWNLOAD APEX AT LEGENDS WTF
40 MINUTES SH 2 APEX LEGENDS WTF
Crash dummy bugs!  
Crash Dummy Bugs!
"Oh
Crash dummy shot!
TV Crash dummy bugs!
Crash bugs bugs!
You know I get it people have great aim on PC  
You know that I understand that people have a big goal on the PC
"You know
You know I get it people have no aim on PC
You know I really get it my people have great aim on PC
You know I get it people have great aim on their
Bugs like these are driving me crazy.. Set speed on clip to .25x. @PlayApex . . clips.twitch.tv/AmazingCrispyL…
Bugs like this drive me crazy.. Set the speed up.25x. @ PlayApex.. clips.twitch.tv / AmazingCrispyL...
Mistakes like this drive me crazy.. set the speed at.25x. @ PlayApex.. clips.tch.tv / AmazingCrispyL...
Bugs like these are driving me crazy.. Set speed on clip to .25x. RhandlerR . . clips.twitch.tv/AmazingCrispyL…
Source Bugs like these are driving me crazy.. Set speed on clip to .25x. RhandlerR . . clips.twitch.tv/AmazingCrispyL…
<unk>
@PlayApex Having trouble connecting to the lobby and Connecting into lobbies
@ PlayApex Difficulties connecting to the lobby and connecting to lobbies
@ PlayApex Lobby Connection and Lobby Connection Problems
@PlayApex Having trouble connecting to the lobby and Connecting into Facebook
3 @PlayApex Having trouble connecting to the lobby and exits Connecting into lobbies
and Having trouble connecting to mall lobby and Connecting into lobbies
I have invested my hard worked money into this game with a hope of opening Apex packs and trying to get an heirloom and then I work hard to complete my battle pass. And now here I am sitting posting this while my account stays banned. Please help! @EAHelp @EA @Respawn @PlayApex
"I have invested my hard earned money in this game
"I put my hard-working money into this game with the hope of opening Apex Packs and trying to get a haircut
I have invested my hard worked money at this game with a background of opening Apex packs like trying to get an heirloom and then I work hard I complete my battle pass. But now here I am sitting posting this while my account stays banned. Any help! @EAHelp @EA @Respawn @PlayApex
I have finally invested my first hard worked money into fighting this game with a hope of opening Apex packs herself and trying to eventually get me an heirloom and then I work hard to complete up my battle pass. And basically now here I am sitting posting this while my cheating account stays banned. Please help! @EAHelp @EA 0 @Respawn @PlayApex
I have invested my big enough money into this game and no hope of opening Apex item in trying to get an heirloom and now I work hard to complete my battle pass. And now here I am am posting this yet my account stays banned. Please help! @EAHelp @EA is @Respawn
S I C K . 

S I C K.
S F C K.
S I P C K.
S O C K.
"@PlayApex where do I report in game issues to respawn to fix? Is there an official channel for solving issues? Or do we have to wait for an actual pro to acknowledge certain problems for them to be fixed? Button layouts are still broken on console
"@ PlayApex: Where do I report game problems to fix them? Is there an official channel to solve problems? Or do we have to wait until an actual professional recognizes certain issues to fix them? The button layouts on the console are still broken
@ PlayApex where can I report in gaming matters to respawn fix? Is there an official channel for problem solving? Or should we wait for the actual professional to acknowledge certain problems so that they can be fixed?
"@PlayApex where do I report in game issues to respawn to fix? Was there an appropriate channel for solving issues? Or do we have to ask for an actual pro to acknowledge certain problems for them to stay fixed? Many layouts are still broken on console
"@PlayApex or where do I ever report in game issues to respawn to fix? 3 Is there an official channel for solving issues? Or do we have to wait for an official actual pro publisher to acknowledge certain game problems for getting them to be fixed? Button triangle layouts are still broken twice on console
"point where if I sit in game issues to respawn to fix? Is there an easy channel for solving issues? Or doing we have to wait for an actual pro to acknowledge certain channels for issues to be fixed? Map layouts are still broken on console
@PlayApex these servers are sooooo awful
@ PlayApex These servers are sooooo awful
@ PlayApex these servers sooooo awful
@PlayApex these servers feel sooooo awful
@PlayApex knows these servers actually are sooooo awful
of these servers are sooooo awful
 
It is not the first time that the EU Commission has taken such a step.
"At the same time



@PlayApex THATS TWICE TODAY ITS KICKED ME OUT OF TWO GOOD GAMES WHAT THE FUCK IS THAT SHIT APEX???? HOW?!?!? WHY?!?!?!? NO WONDER PEOPLE COMPLAIN YOU DONT FIX ANYTHING WITH THE GAME
"@ PlayApex THAT TWO TODAY IS TAKING ME FROM TWO GOOD GAMES
@ PlayApex THATS TWICE TODAY ITHE KICK ME OUT OF TWO GOOD GAMES What the FUCK IS THAT SHIT APEX??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
@PlayApex THATS TWICE TODAY ITS KICKED UP OUT OF TWO GOOD ES WHY THE FUCK IS THAT SHIT APEX???? HOW?!?!? WHY?!?!?!? NO WONDER PEOPLE COMPLAIN YOU DONT FIX HOW WITH THE GAME
@PlayApex THATS ON TWICE AS TODAY ITS KICKED IS ME OUT OF TWO GOOD GAMES WHAT AND THE FUCK IS THAT AS SHIT A APEX???? HOW?!?!? WHY?!?!?!? Please NO WONDER PEOPLE COMPLAIN YOU DONT FIX... ANYTHING IS WITH THE IN GAME
@PlayApex<unk> TWICE TODAY ITS FOR ME OUT SO TWO GOOD GAMES WHAT THE FUCK TO WORLD AND APEX???? WHAT?!?!? WHY?!?!?!? NO WONDER AS COMPLAIN AS AS FIX ANYTHING WITH THE GAME
"@PlayApex These no regs seriously make me want to delete the game. It’s an FPS
"@ PlayApex These no-regs make me seriously want to delete the game. It's an FPS
"@ PlayApex These no regs seriously make me want to delete the game. It's an FPS
"@PlayApex These no regs just make me want to delete the file. It’s an mess
"@PlayApex These say no regs will seriously make me want to simply delete almost the entire game. It ’ s an FPS
"@PlayApex These two regs seriously make people want to delete the game. It’s an FPS
@PlayApex my game would not connect to the server.. it says it cant content to my ea account? And in brackets [code100] (translated from Polish)
@ PlayApex my game would not connect to the server.. it says it tilts content to my Ea account? And in brackets [Code100] (translated from Polish)
@ PlayApex my game wouldn't connect to the server.. it says it can't contain my account? And in the browser [code100] (Polish translation)
@PlayApex my game would not connect to the server.. it says it cant content to my admin account? C in brackets [code100] (translated u Polish)
To @PlayApex my game would if not connect to the server.. it often says you it cant content to my ea account? And in the brackets [ code100 ] ( article translated first from Polish )
@PlayApex my game would not push to the tablet.. it says it is content<unk> my ea account? what in fact [code100] (translated from Polish)
Fuck you @apexlegends
Fuck you @ apexlegends
Fuck you @ apexads
Fuck Off @apexlegends
The Fuck you @apexlegends
Fuck you or
That beam was disgusting   . . store.playstation.com/ 
This bar was disgusting.. store.playstation.com /
This beam was disgusting... store.playstation.com /
That picture was disgusting  .. store.playstation.com/
That beam pattern was disgusting.. more store. playstation. com /
That model was black.. store.playstation.com/
I would be genuinely upset
I would be really upset
I would be genuinely upset
I would get genuinely upset
I would be genuinely upset upset
I would become genuinely upset
@PlayApex why has audio not been fixed ... its almost worse with how bad the lag is in every server
@ PlayApex why has audio not been fixed... it is almost even worse how bad the delay is in each server
@ PlayApex why the audio has not been fixed... it's almost worse with how bad things are on every server
@PlayApex why has audio not been fixed... its almost useless with how bad the signal is in every server
@PlayApex asks why has audio not been fixed... and its almost worse with how bad already the energy lag today is in every server
@PlayApex why has audio never even fixed... its almost worse with how crazy the lag happens in every server
@PlayApex please help! After the hotfix for the wraith skin this is my ping. I know it is not my wifi. I have tried multiple things to fix this. Nothing has worked. -xbox one pic.twitter.com/WIJm8C0Gul
@ PlayApex Please help! After the hotfix for the Wraith Skin this is my ping. I know it's not my wifi. I've tried several things to fix this. -xbox one pic.twitter.com / WIJm8C0Gul
@ PlayApex please help! After the hotfix for the wound skin this is my ping. I know it is not my wifi. I try multiple things to fix this. Nothing has worked.
RhandlerR please help! After the hotfix for the wraith skin this is my ping. I know it is not my wifi. I have tried multiple things to fix this. Nothing has worked. -xbox one pic.twitter.com/WIJm8C0Gul
of RhandlerR please help! After the hotfix for the wraith skin this is my ping. I know it is not my wifi. I have tried multiple things to fix this. Nothing has worked. -xbox one pic.twitter.com/WIJm8C0Gul
the
i’m not this bad at apex legends. what the hell is happening.
I'm not so bad at the pinnacle of what the hell happens.
I'm not that bad at the top.
i’m always this bad at apex legends. what the hell is happening.
i ’ m not looking this bad at apex legends. what out the hell is me happening.
i’m not this bad at apex now. what is hell is going.
Apex is getting shit in by Warzone due to the single fact that they permanently added solos. Lol imagine if they work on the audio next. GG @PlayApex @Respawn
Apex gets shitty from Warzone for the only fact that they've been adding solos all the time. Imagine they're working on the audio next. GG @ PlayApex @ Respawn
Apex gets shit in Warzone because of the fact that they kept adding solos. Lol imagine if they worked on audio further. GG @ PlayApex @ Respawn
Apex is getting voted in by Warzone due to one single fact that they deliberately added solos. Lol imagine if they work on the audio next. GG @PlayApex @Respawn
Apex is getting its shit in by taking Warzone due to the missing single fact that they permanently added solos. Lol should imagine if they do work on the audio production next.... GG @PlayApex and @Respawn
Apex is getting shit in by Warzone due unto this single fact that they permanently added solos. Lol find if that work in the audio next. GG @PlayApex G
LAME

LAME
LAME
THE LAME
Why
There’s obviously nothing wrong with the havoc.. just three people using it with plenty of ammo because this stupid ass developers don’t know how to balance a gun and fix there game lol. 🤡 @PlayApex
There's obviously nothing wrong with the mess.. just three people using it with lots of ammo because this stupid ass developer doesn't know how to balance a gun and fix the game. @ PlayApex
There's obviously nothing wrong with havoc.. just three people using it with a lot of ammunition because this stupid ass developer doesn't know how to balance a gun and fix there lol game.
There’s obviously nothing wrong with the havoc.. just three people using it with buckets of ammo because this stupid ass developers don’t know how to balance a console & fix there game lol. – @PlayApex
There ’ in s obviously nothing wrong with the havoc.. you just three people using for it with plenty plenty of ammo because anybody this many stupid evil ass developers don ’ t know how to balance a gun out and fix there good game lol. [UNK] @PlayApex
There’s obviously nothing wrong with the havoc.. but three parties using it with plenty<unk> ammo because this stupid shit developers don’t teach how for buy a gun and fix there game lol. <unk> @PlayApex
@PlayApex @EAHelp @TitanfallBlog  Do you guys plan on issuing bans for all the cheating going on in ranked play anytime soon this is ridiculous  and getting out of hand . The guys cheating must be justifying there short comings in the pants .
@ PlayApex @ EAHelp @ TitanfallBlog Are you planning to issue bans in the foreseeable future for all the cheating that is going on in the leaderboard game? This is ridiculous and is getting out of hand. Fraudsters have to justify their shortcomings in their pants.
@ PlayApex @ EAHelp @ Titanfall.Do you guys plan on issue bans for all the cheating going on ranking play anytime this is increased and getting out of the handle. The guys cheating must be washing there short comes in the pants.
@PlayApex @EAHelp @TitanfallBlog  Do you guys plan on issuing bans for all the mistakes gone on in ranked play anytime soon this is ridiculous  and getting out of hand. The rampant cheating must be putting there short comings in the pants.
@PlayApex @EAHelp S @TitanfallBlog Do you guys plan much on issuing bans for controlling all that the cheating and going on in ranked play anytime soon this is seriously ridiculous and getting messed out point of hand. The guys thinking cheating must be justifying there short word comings in the pants.
@PlayApex @EAHelp @TitanfallBlog Do those guys plan on issuing bans for all the cheating going around in your play anytime soon this is ridiculous and completely out to hand. The damn cheating must be justifying there boy comings in your pants.
Please @PlayApex day 1 player this game is impossible to play now
Please @ PlayApex day 1 player this game is now impossible to play
Please @ PlayApex day 1 player this game is impossible to play now
Please @PlayApex day 1 player our game is impossible to play now
Please @PlayApex day... 1 player this game is basically impossible almost to play now
Please @PlayApex day 2 player this game is impossible to see now
Of course. Ready to play  
Of course.
Of course. Ready to play
Of course. Ready … play
Of course. Ready than to play
Of course. Ready to save
@PlayApex my servers are down for apex please fix
@ PlayApex my servers are fixing for the vertex please
"@ PlayApex my servers are out of order for the top
@PlayApex my servers are down for apex to fix
@PlayApex my servers now are down for business apex please fix
that my servers are down for apex please please
"Fuck you
"Fuck you
"Fuck you
"Fuck yeah
"Fuck you
"Fuck you
@PlayApex my map colors on pc is broken. Everything is black when I walk close to it pic.twitter.com/PNKDhZ4kb7
@ PlayApex my card colors on PC is broken. Everything is black when I near it pic.twitter.com / PNKDhZ4kb7
@ PlayApex The colors of my card on my computer are broken. All black when I walk next to it pic.fm / KDhZ4kb7
RhandlerR my map colors on pc is broken. Everything is black when I walk close to it pic.twitter.com/PNKDhZ4kb7
2009 RhandlerR my map colors on pc is broken. Everything is black when I walk close to it pic.twitter.com/PNKDhZ4kb7
you
@PlayApex my playstation was broken for almost two months and you guys somehow still havent nerfed the fucking volt lmao
@ PlayApex my playstation was broken for almost two months and you guys somehow still have no nerves for the damn volt lmao
@ PlayApex my game station has been broken for almost two months and you guys somehow still havent nervous the fucking volt lmao
@PlayApex my playstation feels broken waiting almost two months and you guys somehow still havent nerfed the fucking volt lmao
@PlayApex my playstation was broken it for almost the two straight months and somehow you two guys somehow still havent nerfed the million fucking volt lmao
@PlayApex my ring was broken for fucking two months and stupid guys somehow still havent nerfed that fucking volt lmao
New apex update is trash @PlayApex  
New Apex update is Trash @ PlayApex
New top update - trash @ PlayApex
New apex update is trash removal
2011 New apex update is trash @PlayApex
New apex game is trash @PlayApex
@PlayApex @EA why is it that you are selling recolours for Halloween? I bought the whole collection last year & now if I want recolours I have pay again? I have spent well over $200 since the games release but no more I’m done .   
"@ PlayApex @ EA Why do you sell colors for Halloween? I bought the entire collection last year and now if I want colors
"@ PlayApex @ EA Why are you selling Halloween recursors? I bought the whole collection last year and now if I want recursors
@PlayApex @EA why is it that you are selling recolours for Halloween? Just bought the whole collection last night & now if people want recolours I have them again? I have spent well over $200 selling the games release but no more I’m done.
Y @PlayApex @EA why is it happening that you are selling the recolours for Halloween? I basically bought the whole game collection last year & now if I want recolours I shall have pay me again? I have spent well over $ 200 since the games release even but no more that I know ’ m done.
@PlayApex @EA why is amazing that you stop supplying recolours for Halloween? I bought another huge box last year & now if I donate recolours I have pay again? I have spent just over $200 since the games release but once more I’m done.
@PlayApex FIX YOUR SERVERS WHAT THE HELL
@ PlayApex FIX YOUR SERVER WHAT HELL
@ PlayApex FIX YOUR SERVERS WHAT THE HELL
@PlayApex<unk> YOUR SERVERS WHAT THE HELL
A @PlayApex... FIX YOU YOUR SERVERS WHAT THE HELL
@PlayApex FIX YOUR SERVERS FOR THE Y
"@PlayApex My challenges for the Lost Treasures event are not resetting daily. I’ve been stuck in 1
"@ PlayApex My challenges for the Lost Treasures event don't reset every day. I've been stuck in 1
"@ PlayApex My goals for the LTreasures tournament are not being reset daily. I've been stuck with 1
"@PlayApex My challenges for my Hidden Treasures event are not resetting daily. I’ve been stuck in 4
"@PlayApex My old challenges ready for the 2016 Lost Sacred Treasures event are not resetting daily. Anyway I ’ ve been really stuck in 1
Comment My challenges for the Lost Treasures event are now resetting daily. I’ve been stuck at 0 points since September. I now really want just dope P20 and Mastiff skins.
"literally toxic bro
"Literally toxic bro
"literally toxic bro
"literally toxic bro
"literally completely toxic bro
"literally poor bro
Ummm Wth.....  
Ummm Wth.....
Ummm Wth.....
Ummm<unk>
Ummm W Wth.....
<unk> Wth.....
Gawd dayum lol
Gawd dayum lol
Gawd dayum lol
Gawd dayum –
Gawd dayum e lol
love dayum lol
The new bloodhound skin for season 6 is fucking haaard.  @PlayApex @Respawn
The new bloodhound skin for season 6 is damn hard. @ PlayApex @ Respawn
The new bloodhound skin for season 6 is fucking haaard. @ PlayApex @ Respawn
The new bloodhound movie for season 6 is fucking haaard.  @PlayApex A
The new favourite bloodhound skin for season entry 6 he is fucking as haaard. @PlayApex @Respawn
The new back skin in season 6 is fucking haaard. @PlayApex was
@PlayApex please fix ur game I have never bluescreened or gotten some many logic errors in my life. Losing this RP cuz ur game is ass
@ PlayApex Please fix ur game I have never bluescreened or get some many logic errors in my life. Losing this RP cuz ur game is ass
@ PlayApex Please fix ur game I have never bluescreened or got some many logic errors in my life. Lthis RP cuz ur game is ass
@PlayApex please fix your game I have never bluescreened or gotten some many logic errors in my life. Losing an RP cuz ur game sucks ass
@PlayApex please fix the ur PC game I would have never really bluescreened or gotten some many logic errors before in my life. I Losing this RP cuz ur game name is ass
<unk> please fix ur game I have never bluescreened or triggered some many logic errors than my game. Losing in RP cuz ur game is ass
@PlayApex. I found this glitch that basically hurts people's eyes.. youtu.be/39t-lEiKHls
@ PlayApex. I found this glitch that basically hurt people's eyes.. youtu.be / 39t-lEiKHls
@ PlayApex. I found this slip that basically hurts people's eyes.. youtu.be / 39t-lEiKHls
@PlayApex. I found that glitch that clearly hurts people's eyes.. youtu.be/39t-lEiKHls
@PlayApex. x I found this glitch that basically severely hurts people's tired eyes.. youtu. x be / f 39t - i lEiKHls
@PlayApex. I got this glitch that truly hurts anyone's brains.. youtu.be/39t-lEiKHls
Started playing @PlayApex again last month and it was a mistake . . . Servers were down last night so I've no had my fix in 2 days and I'm about to kill everyone in sight cause I'm still crabbit about it.  it's my unwinding place.
"I started playing @ PlayApex again last month and it was a mistake... servers failed last night
Started playing @ PlayApex again last month and it was a mistake... Servers were down last night so I've no had my fix in 2 days and I'm about to kill everyone in sight cause I'm still crabbit about it. it's my unwinding place.
Started playing @PlayApex again last month and what was a mistake... Servers were free last night so I've no had my coffee in 2 days and I'm about to dump everyone in sight cause I'm the crabbit about it.  it's my unwinding place.
Started playing @PlayApex again last month... and said it was a mistake... Servers were down last night so I've no had my fix in 2 days and I'd m about to kill everyone in thin sight cause I'm still crabbit about achieving it. Oh it's s still my no unwinding permanent place.
Started playing stuff again last month too which was a mistake... Servers were down last Tuesday BUT I've no had my fix in 2 days and I'm about scream attack everyone in sight because c'm still crabbit about it. it's my unwinding machine.
@PlayApex speak doodoo bitch
@ PlayApex talking doodoo slut
@ PlayApex speak doodoo bitch
@PlayApex AT doodoo bitch
The @PlayApex speak doodoo bitch
@PlayApex speak as bitch
"Crazy
"Crazy
It's a shame the butterfly is still breaking...
"Crazy
"Crazy
"Crazy
@PlayApex servers are whack . 🤷. ‍.   
@ PlayApex servers are whack.
The @ PlayApex servers are running normally.
@PlayApex servers are expanding. 🤷. ‍.
@PlayApex servers are whack. The [UNK]..
@PlayApex would get whack. <unk>..
@PlayApex Xbox Ranking sucks cause its literally too easy to make it out of gold then when they get high rank they cant handle it and suck and because of the tier protection they keep getting on my team LOL HELPPPP
@ PlayApex Xbox Ranking sucks cause it literally too easy to make it out of gold then when they get high rank they can handle it and suck and because of the animal protection they keep getting on my team LOL HELPPPP
"@ PlayApex Xbox Rating sucks it up literally too easily to make it out of gold
@PlayApex = Ranking sucks when its literally too risky to make millions out of gold then when they get high rank they cant handle it and suck and because of the tier protection they keep getting on my team LOL HELPPPP
@PlayApex Xbox Ranking sucks cause its literally almost too easy to make it run out of gold because then when they actually get high rank they cant handle calling it crap and suck and crap because scared of the tier protection they keep getting on my team LOL AN HELPPPP
of Xbox Ranking sucks cause its literally too high to make it out of gold then when they get high rank they just make it pure suck and outside of the tier top they keep getting on my team LOL HELPPPP
@PlayApex Why is my account banned? Hello??
@ PlayApex Why is my account blocked? Hello??
@ PlayApex Why is my account banned? Hello??
@PlayApex Why is my post banned? Hello??
@PlayApex Why is my banking account not banned? Hello??
me Why is my account missing? Hello??
had the same problem
had the same problem
was the same problem
had completely same problem
had found the same problem
experience the same problem
@PlayApex Now I’m queuing up without a full team in platinum ranked....every update this game is full of bugs!
@ PlayApex Now I stand in line without a complete team in platinum leaderboard.... every update of this game is full of bugs!
@ PlayApex Now I play without a full team in the platinum ranking.... every update of this game is full of mistakes!
@PlayApex Now constantly queuing up without a full team in platinum ranked....every update this game is full damn bugs!
@PlayApex Now when I too ’ m stuck queuing up without a full team in platinum football ranked.... every update on this game is just full of bugs!
@PlayApex Now I’m queuing up without a full team for this ranked....every update this feature is free of bugs!
Bald headed HOE SHIT.  
Bald HOE SHIT.
headed HOE SHIT.
Bald headed HOE leader.
Bald for headed HOE SHIT.
hard headed HOE SHIT.
2 times now while during end game i randomly end up back in the lobby!! wtf yo @PlayApex
2 times now while I happen to end up back in the lobby during the finals!! wtf yo @ PlayApex
2 times now while during end game i randomly end up back in the lobby!! wtf yo @ PlayApex
2 times now while during end game i also end up back in the lobby!! Thanks yo @PlayApex
2 times now while looking during end game i randomly end up sneaking back in to the car lobby!! wtf yo 1 @PlayApex
2 for now while during end game i wanna sneak up back off the lobby!! wtf yo @PlayApex
I love  

I Love
I.
I do love
I want
Dirty  
Dirty
"At the same time
Dirty
Do Dirty
Dirty
LEAVE MY FRIENDS ALONE 🥊.   
LET MY FRIENDS EVERYTHING.
MY FRIENDS ALONE.
LEAVE BEST FRIENDS ALONE 🥊.
18 LEAVE MY FRIENDS ALONE THE [UNK].
LEAVE MY TO NOT <unk>.
Slowly getting back into Apex and I went off .   
Slowly back into the apex and off we went.
Sloane went back to Apex and I left.
Slowly getting back into Apex session I went off.
39 Slowly getting myself back into Apex and I went off.
Slowly getting back out Apex and I went off.
@PlayApex I'm having issues with the game stuttering. Have a 2070 super i7 32 gigs dominator ram high-end motherboard dual m.2 drives. Anyone know why. Don't believe it's the PC.
@ PlayApex I have problems with the stuttering of the game. Have a 2070 Super i7 32 Gigs Dominator ramming high-end motherboard dual m.2 drives. Everyone knows why. Do not think it is the PC.
@ PlayApex I have a game delay problem. Have a 2070 super i7 32 gigabyte dominator for high-end motherboards with two m.2. drives. Anyone knows why. Don't believe it's a computer.
@PlayApex I'm having issues with the game stuttering. Definitely got 2070 super i7 32 K dominator ram high-end motherboard dual m.2 drives. Anyone know why. Fully believe it's the PC.
@PlayApex I'm already having issues dealing with the game console stuttering. To Have a 2070 cc super i7 32 gigs dominator ram high - powered end motherboard has dual m. 2 drives. Or Anyone know why. Don't even believe it'bout s the PC.
@PlayApex I'm having issues about board game stuttering. Have a 2070 super i7 32 gigs external ram 1-end motherboard x m.2 board. Anyone know why. Don't even it's a PC.
@PlayApex  fix loba with out being able to teleport out of a situation makes her useless
@ PlayApex fix loba with out being able to teleport out of a situation making them useless
@ PlayApex fix forehead with out being able to teleport out of situation makes it useless
@PlayApex  fix loba with out being able to teleport out that a situation dropping her useless
@PlayApex fix loba with out that being not able to teleport out because of a disaster situation makes her useless
around<unk> loba with out being able to teleport out of a situation makes her mind
Bro I get killed by flying Caustics @PlayApex fix the lags and servers please fkskdkfm pic.twitter.com/L3YMr6H6Fl
Bro I get killed by flying caustics @ PlayApex fix the lags and servers please fkskdkfm pic.twitter.com / L3YMr6H6Fl
Bro kills me flying Kaufman @ PlayApex fixes backlog and servers please fkskdkfm pic.fk / L3YMr6H6Fl
Bro I get killed by flying Caustics RhandlerR fix the lags and servers please fkskdkfm pic.twitter.com/L3YMr6H6Fl
See Bro I get killed by flying Caustics RhandlerR fix the lags and servers please fkskdkfm pic.twitter.com/L3YMr6H6Fl
you
"@PlayApex get your shoe error fixed
"@ PlayApex get your shoe bug fixed
"@ PlayApex fix mistake with shoes
"@PlayApex had your shoe error fixed
"@PlayApex get your foot shoe error fixed
"@PlayApex get their shoe error fixed
@PlayApex died to a level 500 today... shows how bad apex has declined since earlier
@ PlayApex died at a 500 level today... shows how bad peak has fallen since earlier
@ PlayApex died at 500 today... shows how bad the top has fallen since before
@PlayApex died to a level 500 k shows how bad apex has declined since earlier
@PlayApex died to a level of 500 and today... shows how bad its apex security has declined since earlier
@PlayApex died to a level 500 above... shows how my apex R declined since earlier
@PlayApex you by far have the worst game alive bruh fix your fucking bugs like y’all add so much shit and can’t fix your bugs
"@ PlayApex You have by far the worst game alive
@ PlayApex you definitely have the worst live bruh game to fix your fucking mistakes as y'all add so much crap and can't fix your mistakes
@PlayApex you by far have the coolest game alive bruh fix your fucking bugs like y’all add so much crap and can’t fix ur bugs
@PlayApex with you by so far have won the worst game ever alive bruh fix to your fucking bugs like y want ’ all add so much shit and can ’ t fix your bugs
that you by far have no fucking game alive bruh fix her fucking bugs like y’all add so much shit and can’t fix your damn
@EA @PlayApex I’ve been trying to play the game for the past 2 weeks and it won’t let me log in to play
@ EA @ PlayApex I have tried to play the game for the last 2 weeks and it will not let me log in to play
@ EA @ PlayApex I've been trying to play the game for the past 2 weeks and it won't let me log in to play
@EA @PlayApex I’ve been trying to play the game for much past 2 weeks and it won’t help someone log in to play
@EA and @PlayApex I ’ ve really been trying to just play the game for nearly the past 2 half weeks and it won ’ t let me log in yet to play
@EA @PlayApex I’ve been trying to play the game for exact past 2 weeks and it won’t let my log on or play
@PlayApex Spooky season 2020 sucks. Games are too short
@ PlayApex Spooky season 2020 sucks. Games are too short
@ PlayApex Spoky season 2020 sucks. Games are too short
@PlayApex Spooky season 2020 sucks. Games are too difficult
2017 @PlayApex Spooky season 2020 sucks. Games hopes are falling too short
<unk> Spooky season 2020 1. Games are too short
"Ohh please make wattson and crypto be friends agaiiiin
"Ohh please make Wattson and Crypto friends agaiiiin
"Please make Wattson and Crypto friends
"Ohh please make she and i be friends agaiiiin
"Ohh but please to make them wattson and crypto cannot be friends or agaiiiin
"Ohh please man wattson and crypto my friends agaiiiin
fuck  
Shit
fuck
fuck
Holy fuck
the
"@PlayApex @Respawn you need to sort out ranked
"@ PlayApex @ Respawn You have to sort the rankings
"@ PlayApex @ Respawn you need to sort out ranked
"@PlayApex @Respawn you need to sort out ranked
"@PlayApex 2 @Respawn Once you need to completely sort out the ranked
"@PlayApex v 3 need also sort out ranked
"@Respawn @PlayApex  @lowkeydbjosh  How many more do you need to do something? Every day is worst
"@ Respawn @ PlayApex @ lowkeydbjosh How many more do you need to do something? Every day is the worst
@ Respawn @ PlayApex @ lowkeydbjosh How much more do you need to do?
"@Respawn!!  @PlayApex  So many more do you need to do something? Every day gets fun
"Draw @Respawn @PlayApex @lowkeydbjosh How many more do you likely need up to do or something? Notes Every day it is going worst
"to 3 @Respawn How many more do you need to do something? Twenty more is worst
@PlayApex @DangerousDanXI and I cannot get into a freaking lobby what the heck
@ PlayApex @ DangerousDanXI and I can't get into a freaky lobby what the hell
@ PlayApex @ DangerousDanXI and I can get into a freaking lobby what the heck
@PlayApex @DangerousDanXI and I cannot get into a freaking lobby what da heck
@PlayApex no @DangerousDanXI and I obviously cannot get us into a freaking lobby what the heck
@PlayApex @DangerousDanXI and I cannot get into a movie lobby what no shit
@PlayApex I created this account just to see if I can get a response about the games bugs. Playing on PS4 and sprint just randomly stops...what’s up with that?
@ PlayApex I created this account just to see if I can get a response to the game bugs. Play on the ps4 and just stop randomly... what's wrong with that?
@ PlayApex I created this account just to see if I can get a response about the games bugs. PlayApex I created this account just to see if I can get a response about the games bugs. Playing on PS4 and print just randomly stops... what's up with that?
@PlayApex I created you account just to see if I can get a response about the games bugs. Playing on PS4 and sprint just nobody comes up with that?
@PlayApex I created this account just to go see if I can all get a straight response in about the games bugs. Tom Playing on his PS4 and sprint just randomly stops... what ’ says s he up with that?
@PlayApex I created a website just to see if I had get a response about the current bugs. Playing on PS4 and sprint just of stops...what’s up all that?
@PlayApex are you going to fix the constant blue screen crashes on PS4? TWO matches in a row a Caustic trap goes off and my game locks up. Nothing like 72 points down the drain.
@ PlayApex Will you fix the constant blue screen crashes on the PS4? TWO games in a row a caustic trap starts and my game closes. Nothing like 72 points down the drain.
@ PlayApex are you going to fix the permanent blue screen crashes on the PS4? TWO consecutive Caustic trap matches are gone and my game is blocked. Nothing like 72 points down the draft.
@PlayApex are you supposed to miss the constant blue screen crashes about it? TWO matches in a row a Caustic trap goes off and my game locks up. Nothing like 72 points down the drain.
@PlayApex are you going to fix the constant blue cartoon screen crashes on its PS4? TWO matches everything in like a row a crazy Caustic trap goes blazing off upstairs and my game locks up. Nothing looks like 72 million points down the drain.
@PlayApex are you going to do the constant blue patch crashes on PS4? 8 matches in a succession a Caustic trap goes off and my game down completely. Nothing like 72 points down the drain.
wtf cargo bot.....  
wtf...
wtf cargo bot.....
wtf<unk> bot.....
and wtf cargo the bot.....
wtf that bot.....
@PlayApex so y’all fr just don’t care about how terrible these servers are?
@ PlayApex so y'all fr just don't care how awful these servers are?
@ PlayApex so y'all just don't care how awful these servers are?
@PlayApex so y’all fr just don’t care about being terrible these children are?
@PlayApex so very y ’ all fr just don ’ t care about also how damned terrible these old servers are?
@PlayApex Do y’all fr just don’t understand about how terrible these films are?
"@PlayApex so you guys have zero humans in customer support? Best friends account was CLEARLY hacked for the purpose of aimbotting/hacking in game
"@ PlayApex
"@ PlayApex so you guys don't have people in customer support? The best friends account was CLEARLY hacked to hack / hack into the game
"@PlayApex so you guys have zero humans on your life? Best friends account was CLEARLY hacked for illegal purpose of aimbotting/hacking in game
"@PlayApex so you guys have zero humans in customer support? Best friends account was basically CLEARLY hacked for the purpose of aimbotting / hacking in game
"@PlayApex so you wanna have zero experience contacting customer support? Best playing account was CLEARLY hacked for that purpose of aimbotting/hacking my game
AYO THATS TUFF.  
AYO THATS TUFF.
Ай-яй-яй-яй-яй-яй-яй-яй-яй-яй-яй-яй-яй-яй-яй-яй-яй-яй-яй-яй-яй-яй-яй-яй-яй-яй-яй-яй-яй-яй-яй-яй-яй-яй-яй-яй-яй-яй-яй-яй-яй-яй-яй-яй-яй-яй-яй-яй-яй-яй-яй-яй-яй-яй-яй-яй-яй-яй-яй-яй-яй-яй-яй-яй-яй-яй-
AYO DA TUFF.
35 AYO THATS ONE TUFF.
AYO F TUFF.
This shit go hard af god damn
This shit gets hard af god damn
It's shit cursed by God
This night go hard af god damn
This shit go hard af god a damn
This shit go F af god damn
APEX SESH! BAD GAMEPLAY AND WORSE CONVERSATIONS!  
APEX SESH! BATHROOM GAMEPLAY AND WORSE CONVERSATIONS!
APEX SESH! BAD GAMLAY AND WORSE CONVERSATIONS!
APEX SESH! BAD GAMEPLAY TO WORSE CONVERSATIONS!
ACT APEX IN SESH! BAD OR GAMEPLAY AND 1 WORSE OF CONVERSATIONS!
WHO AM! BAD NEWS AND WORSE CONVERSATIONS!
I’m not gonna spend any more money on  
I'm not going to spend any more money on it
I am no longer going to spend money on
I’m not gonna use any more money on
I ’ m totally not gonna spend any more money trying on
I’m not to spend any more money on
@PlayApex Past 10 days of pub matchmaking has been a nightmare. Not sure what changed but noticably worse team mates.
"@ PlayApex The last 10 days of pub matching have been a nightmare. Not sure what has changed
@ PlayApex The past 10 days of pub dating have been a nightmare.
@PlayApex for 10 days of pub matchmaking has been a nightmare. No sure what changed but noticably worse team mates.
@PlayApex Past 10 different days of the pub matchmaking Dave has what been like a nightmare. Not sure what changed but noticably worse team mates.
This Past 10 days of pub matchmaking actually turned a nightmare. Not sure what changed but noticably losing team mates.
"The thing is brother
"The game is dying
"The fact is
"The thing thing brother
"The thing sure is brother
"The verdict is no
@PlayApex @GH057ayame figure this.... @Rainbow6Game is the most simple concept... but an amazing game and still thriving after YEARS of success. you know why? they only listen to the comp scene..... figure it out shit bags
"@ PlayApex @ GH057ayame represents this.... @ Rainbow6Game is the simplest concept... but an amazing game that still thrives after years of success. you know why? they just listen to the comp scene..... find out
@ PlayApex @ GH7ayame number this.... @ Rainbow6Game is the simplest concept... but an amazing game and still thrives after YEARS of success.
@PlayApex @GH057ayame figure this.... it is the most simple concept... but an amazing game and still thriving after YEARS a success. you know why? they guys listen into the comp scene..... figure it out shit bags
@PlayApex Everything @GH057ayame people figure at this.... @Rainbow6Game is the most simple concept... Simple but quite an amazing game and still thriving after the YEARS of success. you do know why? they only really listen to the TV comp scene..... figure there it out shit bags
@PlayApex @GH057ayame figure this.... @Rainbow6Game is the great awesome concept... well a amazing one and still thriving on YEARS of sitting. you know why? people only listen to it comp scene..... figure it out shit bags
@PlayApex I have problems to buy the battlepass with the new patch
@ PlayApex I have problems to buy the Battlepass with the new patch
@ PlayApex I have problems to buy the battlepass with the new patch
@PlayApex I have problems to buy the battlepass with its new patch
@PlayApex and I have problems to buy the battlepass with the brand new military patch
do I have problems to buy the battlepass of the new patch
Welcome to fortnite 2.0 @PlayApex you guys literally don’t fix the game and just keep adding shit @EA and @Respawn are absolutely garbage
Welcome to fortnite 2.0 @ PlayApex you guys literally don't fix the game and just keep adding shit @ EA and @ Respawn are absolute rubbish
Welcome to fortnite 2.0 @ PlayApex you guys literally don't fix the game and just keep adding shit @ EA and @ Respawn are absolutely garbage
Welcome to fortnite 2.0 — you guys literally don’t fix the issues and just keep adding shit @PlayApex games @EA are absolutely garbage
Welcome back to fortnite 2. 0 @PlayApex you guys who literally don ’ wasn t fix the game and now just keep onto adding shit @EA and @Respawn are making absolutely pretty garbage
Welcome to Sonic 2.0 @PlayApex the are literally don’t fix no game and just keep adding shit shit and @EA are absolutely garbage
"@PlayApex @Respawn You're servers are awful on Xbox and your game is a buggy joke on PC so explain to me
"@ PlayApex @ Respawn you're server are terrible on Xbox and your game is a bad joke on PC
@ PlayApex @ Respawn You servers are terrible on Xbox and your game is a terrible joke on PC so explain to me how I should enjoy.
"RhandlerR RhandlerR You're servers are awful on Xbox and your game is a buggy joke on PC so explain to me
"or RhandlerR RhandlerR You're servers are awful on Xbox and your game is a buggy joke on PC so explain to me
really
fucking help me ya fucking waste of space
fucking help me ya fucking waste of space
fucking help me ya fucking waste of space
fucking help out ya fucking waste of space
fucking help get me ya fucking waste of space
fucking help me ya fucking waste<unk> space
I'm dead.. lmfao.
I'm dead.. lmfao.
I'm dead.. lmfao.
I'm at lmfao.
If I's m dead.. lmfao.
me'm dead.. lmfao.
 
It is not the first time that the EU Commission has taken such a step.
"At the same time



"@PlayApex please hire someone to fixbox you buggy ass games. Ik you'll run with the money buy you really should consider
"@ PlayApex please hire someone to fix you buggy ass games. Ik you will run with the money you should really consider
"@ PlayApex
"@PlayApex please hire developers to fixbox you buggy ass games. Think you'll run with the money buy you really should consider
"@PlayApex to please hire someone here to fixbox you buggy ass games. Ik you'll run with the money buy you really should consider
"@PlayApex and hire someone to fixbox my buggy ass games. Ik you'll live with the system buy something really should consider
"I can't connect to FUT Fifa20
"I can not connect to FUT Fifa20
"I can't connect to FUT Fifa20
"I can't connect to FUT Fifa20
"I simply can't officially connect to... FUT TO Fifa20
"that can't connect to FUT Fifa20
The bot should of stayed away he sucks at apex . 🤦‍.   
"The bot should stay away
"The bot
The bot should of stayed away he sucks at apex. 5.
The bot never should of stayed away and he sucks at apex. [UNK].
The bot should originally stayed away but is at apex. <unk>.
If they make it to where you can’t turn it off I won’t play again and that’s a fact
"If they make it where you can't turn them off
If they make it to where you can't turn it off I won't play again and that's a fact
If they make them to where you can’t turn it off I won’t play again there that’s a fact
If they make make it to where you can ’ get t turn it off and I won ’ t play again and that which ’ isn s a fact
If they make it to where you can’t turn it off a won’t cook again and is a fact
@PlayApex ummm what the heck is going on? You guys gonna fix your servers or what? pic.twitter.com/ZP9CNzhyyZ
@ PlayApex ummm what the hell is going on? Will you fix your servers or what? pic.twitter.com / ZP9CNzhyyZ
"@ PlayApex ummm
RhandlerR ummm what the heck is going on? You guys gonna fix your servers or what? pic.twitter.com/ZP9CNzhyyZ
2014 RhandlerR ummm what the heck is going on? You guys gonna fix your servers or what? pic.twitter.com/ZP9CNzhyyZ
We
"@PlayApex none of my currencies or characters are loading up
"@ PlayApex none of my currencies or characters are loaded
"@ PlayApex none of my currencies or characters are loading up
"@PlayApex none of my currencies or shards where loading up
"PS @PlayApex If none of my currencies now or characters yet are loading up
"@PlayApex none so those server or characters are loading up
I hate the amount of problems this game has its unbelievable two updates with in two weeks and this problem isn’t addressed like.  @PlayApex @TitanfallBlog  
"I hate the amount of problems this game has with its incredible two updates in two weeks
"I hate the amount of problems in this game
I hate the amount broken problems this game has had unbelievable many updates with in two weeks and this problem isn’t addressed like.  @PlayApex @TitanfallBlog
I hate the amount of other problems when this game still has its more unbelievable two updates with in two weeks and this problem certainly isn ’ t addressed yet like. 3 @PlayApex @TitanfallBlog
I hate and amount of problems this game has since opening two updates with in two weeks and this problem it addressed like. @PlayApex<unk>
@PlayApex  can you guys please fix the disconnect reconnect issue it really sucks getting penalized in ranked for a disconnect and dying you need invincibility or something we’re you can get killed cuz it’s really bullshit
"@ PlayApex can you guys please fix the problem of disconnection reconnect it is really sucks getting punished in rank for a disconnect and die you need invincibility or something we are
@ PlayApex can you guys please fix the disconnection problem reunite it's really suck to get fined for disconnection and dying you need invincibility or something we can get killed because it's really bullshit
@PlayApex  can you guys please fix the disconnect reconnect issue it also sucks getting penalized being ranked for a disconnect and dying you think invincibility or something we’re you can get killed cuz it’s really crazy
@PlayApex can you guys please fix the original disconnect reconnect link issue because it kinda really sucks getting penalized in ranked for adding a new disconnect and dying you need invincibility or something we ’ can re you can really get killed cuz it didn ’ s stuff really bullshit
@PlayApex can just just please fix the disconnect reconnect issue it really sucks getting penalized new life for your disconnect and dying you need invincibility or nothing we’re you can basically killed cuz it’s really bullshit
@PlayApex soooo I lost like 196 RP today if not more bc I blue screened and got code wheeled on ps4 on apex wtf respawn
@ PlayApex soooo I lost like 196 RP today when no more BC I got blue shielded and got code on ps4 on apex wtf respawn
"@ PlayApex soooo I lost like 196 RP today
@PlayApex soooo I lost like 196 characters today if not more bc a blue book and got code wheeled on ps4 on apex wtf respawn
@PlayApex soooo until I lost water like 196 RP today... if not more bc now I ran blue screened in and you got code wheeled on ps4 on apex wtf respawn
@PlayApex soooo I was on 196 RP hell was not more bc I blue screened and played single wheeled on ps4 on apex wtf respawn
@PlayApex releasing crossplay in beta half way through a ranked season. Already connection problems. Stupid decisions.
@ PlayApex releasing Crossplay in beta midway through a leaderboard season. Already connectivity issues. Stupid decisions.
@ PlayApex: mid-season beta testing. Erroneous connectivity problems. Silly solutions.
@PlayApex releasing crossplay in a half way through a ranked season. Already connection wars. Stupid decisions.
@PlayApex releasing crossplay in beta half way out through a higher ranked season. Already on connection of problems. Stupid decisions.
@PlayApex releasing crossplay in Ireland half way through a critical poll. Already connection problems. Stupid decisions.
@PlayApex @TitanfallBlog the new apex patch for Japanese audio made it so I can’t open apex since I had the old patch. Even when taking it off I get an error saying unknown file version! pic.twitter.com/3QgrUfoiOx
"@ PlayApex @ TitanfallBlog the new vertex patch for Japanese audio has made it so I can't open the vertex because I had the old patch. Even when I remove it
@ PlayApex @ Titanfall - the new top patch for Japanese audio has made it so I can't open the top since I had an old patch.
RhandlerR RhandlerR the new apex patch for Japanese audio made it so I can’t open apex since I had the old patch. Even when taking it off I get an error saying unknown file version! pic.twitter.com/3QgrUfoiOx
2014 RhandlerR RhandlerR the new apex patch for Japanese audio made it so I can’t open apex since I had the old patch. Even when taking it off I get an error saying unknown file version! pic.twitter.com/3QgrUfoiOx
was
"Got Pred! Flew through plt 2 to dim 1 then we hit a massive wall. Every game became a struggle
"Every game became a fight
"It took 6 hours to get pd from d1
"Got Pred! Flew through plt 2 to dim 1 then we hit a massive wall. Every game became a struggle
"and Got Pred! Flew through plt 2 to dim 1 then we hit a massive wall. Every game became a struggle
In
"@PlayApex Hello. I encounter some strange quest timers on my Apex account since the last update. Treasure Packs : 120hours
"@ PlayApex Hello. I've been encountering some strange quest timers on my Apex account since the last update. Treasure Packs: 120hours
@ PlayApex Hello. I have encountered some strange quest timers on my Apex account since the last update.
"RhandlerR Hello. I encounter some strange quest timers on my Apex account since the last update. Treasure Packs : 120hours
"R RhandlerR Hello. I encounter some strange quest timers on my Apex account since the last update. Treasure Packs : 120hours
the
@Respawn Apex legends is freezing on the loading screen for me I’ve tried shutting off my Xbox one and tried reconnecting to the internet and restarted the game and still no luck I’ve been having this issue since yesterday help please!
@ Respawn Apex is freezing on the loading screen for me I've tried shutting down my Xbox one and tried reconnecting to the internet and restarted the game and still no luck I've had this issue since yesterday please help!
"@ Respawn Apex Fedds hangs on the download screen for me I tried to disable my Xbox One and tried to reconnect to the internet and restart the game and still have no luck that I've had this problem since yesterday
@Respawn Apex legends still freezing on the loading screen for me I’ve tried shutting off my Xbox one and tried reconnecting from the internet then restarted the game and still zero luck I’ve been having disk issue since yesterday help please!
I @Respawn Apex legends is freezing me on with the loading up screen for me I ’ ve tried shutting off my Xbox one and tried reconnecting the to the internet internet and restarted up the game and still has no luck I ’ ve been having this issue since early yesterday God help please!
@Respawn from legends is freezing on the loading screen for me have tried shutting myself my Xbox again and tried reconnecting to the connection and restarted the game and still no luck I’ve been having ANY time since yesterday help please!
@PlayApex come one guys rev is so bad. My boys were golden out and we were outside the Totem zone. That’s lame
@ PlayApex come one guys rev is so bad. My guys were golden out and we were outside the totem zone. That's lame
@ PlayApex come one guys rev is so bad. My boys were golden out and we were outside the Totem zone. That's lame
@PlayApex come one guys rev is so disgusting. My boys were golden out and none were outside the Totem zone. That’s lame
@PlayApex come to one guys rev is that so bad. 4 My boys were golden meters out and we were outside by the Totem zone. That ’ s kinda lame
@PlayApex come one guys rev is so bad. My boys were golden out and then ride in them Totem zone. That’s lame
@PlayApex why do I get errors and blue screens on one of my accounts on p4 but the other accounts I can play the game just fine any help?
"@ PlayApex Why do I get bugs and blue screens on one of my accounts in P4
"@ PlayApex Why do I get bugs and blue screens on one of my accounts on p4 and on other accounts
@PlayApex why do I get errors and blue screens in one of my accounts using p4 but the other accounts I can play the game just fine so help?
@PlayApex why do it I often get errors pink and blue screens on one of my accounts on p4 but the same other accounts... I can do play the game just fine any help?
@PlayApex where do we throw red and blue screens on one of my accounts on p4 but the other accounts who can play the game just fine any help?
I play league of legends now...... Still bad tho
I'm playing League of Legends now...... Still bad
I'm playing in the Champions League now...... It's still bad then.
I play league of legends now...... Still bad....
For I play league of legends until now...... So Still bad tho
I play giants and legends now...... Still bad tho
@riotgames @LeagueOfLegends The Fiddlesticks rework was more of a nerf. You just made him a lot weaker! His dark wind was perfect for his kit and u guys decided to replace it with a very weak skill! I'm so fucking disappointed!
@ riotgames @ LeagueOfLegends The reworking of the fiddlesticks was more of a nerf. You just made it much weaker! Its dark wind was perfect for his kit and the guys decided to replace it with a very weak ability! I'm so damn disappointed!
@ riotgames @ LeagueOfLegends The Fiddlesticks rework was more of a nerf. You just made him a lot weaker! His dark wind was perfect for his kit and u guys decided to replace it with a very weak skill! I'm so fucking disappointed!
@riotgames @LeagueOfLegends The Fiddlesticks rework was half of a nerf. You just made half a game worse! His dark wind was perfect for his kit and u guys decided to replace it with a very weak skill! Everyone so fucking disappointed!
@riotgames And @LeagueOfLegends The Fiddlesticks rework was more of a nerf. You just made him become a lot weaker! His own dark wind horn was perfect for using his own kit and u guys decided finally to replace it now with a very weak skill! I'm doing so fucking terribly disappointed!
@riotgames @LeagueOfLegends 1 Fiddlesticks rework was more of a nerf. You guys took him a little weaker! His dark wind works perfect under this technique and u guys decided to replace it with a very weak skill! I'm so fucking disappointed!
rakan is full fired of your shit  
Rakan is full of your shit
rab is full fire of your shit
rakan are full fired of your shit
rakan is full of fired of your shit
rakan is full fired or your shit
A rubber is the real life QSS  
A rubber is real life QSS
Rubber is real life QSS
A rubber is still real life QSS
A good rubber is the real life QSS
A rubber is the real rubber QSS
Glad I didn't wake up early to get disappointed with League of Legends: Pokemon Edition.
Glad I didn't wake up early to be disappointed by League of Legends: Pokemon Edition.
I didn't wake up early to be disappointed in League of Legends: Pokemon.
Glad I didn't wake up early to get disappointed with League & Legends: Pokemon Edition.
Glad I didn't wake up pretty early to just get disappointed enough with League of Legends : A Pokemon Edition.
Glad I didn't wake it early to get disappointed before League of Legends: Pokemon World.
WTF

WTF
WTF
current WTF
it
velkoz i hate velkoz hes the worst champ to ever exist in league of legends thank you
velkoz i hate velkoz hes the worst champ to ever exist in league of legends thank you
velkoz i hate velkoz hes the worst champ to ever exist in the league of hands thank you
velkoz i hate him hes the worst champ to ever exist in league of legends thank him
velkoz i I hate velkoz hes the worst champ wrestler to ever exist in its league of legends say thank you
velkoz i hate velkoz am the worst champ gonna ever exist in league of legends and you
League of Legends is having issues since 9:13 PM BST. downdetector.co.uk/status/league-… RT if it's down for you as well  
League of Legends has been having problems since 9: 13pm. downdetector.co.uk / status / league-... RT if it's also down for you
League of Legends has a problem from 21: 13 BST.
League of Legends was having issues since 9:13 PM BST. Metro.co.uk/status/league-… and if it's down for you as well
This League of Legends is having serious issues since 9 : 12 13 PM BST. downdetector. the co. uk / ratings status / league - … RT if it's down now for being you as well
League of Legends be having issues from 9:13 PM BST. Official.co.uk/status/league-... RT Whether it's down for you depends what
@EpicGames . @FortniteGame . FIX YOUR GAME ME AND MY FRIENDS FREEZE FOR NO REASON SEVERAL TIMES A DAY YOU CILENT IS WORST THAN THE LEAGUE OF LEGENDS CILENT
@ EpicGames. @ FortniteGame. Put YOUR GAME ME AND MY FRIENDS FREEDOM FOR NO REASON VERY DAY WILL BE A DAY YOUR CILENT AS THE LEAGUE OF LEGENDS CILENT
@ EpicGames. @ FenniteGame. FIX YOUR GAME ME and MY FRIENDS FREE FOR NO REASON SEVERAL TIMES A DAY YOU CILENT IS WORLD THE LEAGE OF LEGENDS CILENT
@EpicGames MY @FortniteGame. FIX YOUR HOUSE ME<unk> MY FRIENDS UP FOR NO REASON SEVERAL TIMES AND DAY YOU CILENT IS WORST THAN THE LEAGUE OF LEGENDS CILENT
@EpicGames. @FortniteGame. FIX YOUR TO GAME ME AND ME MY FRIENDS FREEZE FOR NO TO REASON TO SEVERAL OF TIMES A YOU DAY YOU NO CILENT IS IN WORST THAN ON THE LEAGUE AND OF LEGENDS CILENT
G. @EpicGames. IN YOUR GAME ME AND MY FRIENDS WILL FOR NO REASON SEVERAL TIMES WILL DAY YOU US IN THAT HOW THE LEAGUE OF LEGENDS H
league of legends is a fucking plague upon humanity
League of Legends is a damn plague on humanity
The Arab League is a fucking plague on humanity
league of legends is a fucking plague upon us
league of power legends is a fucking plague upon humanity
league of legends committed a fucking plague upon humanity
The world if league of legends didn’t exist pic.twitter.com/CnsGMR4Uro
The world if it wasn't for the League of Legends pic.twitter.com / CnsGMR4Uro
The world if there were no Champions League pic.wikipedia.org / CGMR4Uro
The world if league of legends didn’t exist pic.twitter.com/CnsGMR4Uro
0 The world if league of legends didn’t exist pic.twitter.com/CnsGMR4Uro
at
I'D WHALE THE SHIT OUT OF THIS IF KOJIMA'S INVOLVED Y'ALL
I'D WHALE THE SHIT OUT OF THIS IF KOJIMA'S INVOLVOLVED Y'ALL
I'd WHALE the SHIT OUT OF THIS EIF KOJIMA'S INVOLVOLD Y'ALL
I'D WHALE THE FACE OUT OF THIS IF KOJIMA'S INVOLVED IT'ALL
I'D WHALE AS THE SHIT... OUT ME OF THIS IF KOJIMA'I S GO INVOLVED Y'LL ALL
I'D WHALE IN D OUT OF IT IF KOJIMA'S THAT Y'ALL
I see why league of legends is gonna die
I see why the League of Legends will die
I can see why the Champions League is dying
I see why league of rugby is gonna die
I see why league king of legends is gonna die
to see why league of legends is gonna die
@LeagueOfLegends y'all should consider making icons to go with hextech skins. That would be a great addition!!
@ LeagueOfLegends y'all should consider turning icons into Hextech skins. That would be a great addition!!
@ LeagueOfLegends y'all should consider making its to go with hextech skins. That would be a great addition!!
@LeagueOfLegends y'all should consider making icons to ship with hextech skins. That would be a great development
@LeagueOfLegends... y'you all maybe should consider making icons to go with his hextech skins. That one would be a great addition!!
@LeagueOfLegends y'all should consider making changes to go with hextech skins. That might be a tremendous opportunity
is the fact that my crush plays that shit enough of a reason to stop liking him?
Is the fact that my crush plays so shitty reason enough not to like him anymore?
Is the fact that I play shit enough reason to stop liking it?
is the idea that my crush plays that shit enough of a reason to stop liking him?
is even the simple fact that my crush plays that shit good enough of a reason to stop liking him?
is the fact how my crush plays that shit enough of a reason to stop liking school?
"i'm amazed at how many people play league of legends still and how toxic that game still is
"I'm amazed at how many people are still playing League of Legends and how toxic this game is still
"I'm amazed at how many people are still playing the Champions League and how toxic this game is so far
"i'm amazed at that many fans play league of legends still and how toxic that game still is
"i'm amazed immensely at how many people just play league games of chess legends still... and how much toxic that stupid game still is
"i'm amazed at how many people play league of god still keep in common that game still is
I've never been this tierd in my entire life  
I've never been so beastly in my whole life
I've never been like this in my entire life
I've never been as tierd in my entire life
Although I'm ve never been this tierd in my entire life
I've hardly been this tierd in my entire life
"@LeagueOfLegends please
"@ LeagueOfLegends please
"@ LeagueOfLegends please
"@LeagueOfLegends please
"@LeagueOfLegends please
"@LeagueOfLegends please
BTW that wasn’t serious I hate this game
BTW this was not serious I hate this game
BTW that was not serious I hate this game
BTW that wasn’t serious will hate this game
Now BTW that wasn ’ t serious I hate this game game
BTW that wasn’t serious I finished this game
my dopamine receptors have been fucked by league of legends. i can no longer play a game unless it's competitive and it feels bad
My dopamine receptors have been fucked by the League of Legends. I can no longer play a game unless it is competitive and it feels bad.
I can no longer play the game until it is competitive and it feels bad
my dopamine levels have bee fucked by league of legends. i can no longer play a game unless it's competitive and it feels bad
my dopamine receptors have been fucked by any league of crime legends. i can no really longer play a game unless it's really competitive and suddenly it feels bad
my TV receptors have been fucked by league of legends. i can no more play this game as all's competitive and it feels bad
Disappointed tbh.
Disappointed tbh.
Disappointment tbh.
Disappointed silence.
7 Disappointed tbh.
anyway tbh.
 
It is not the first time that the EU Commission has taken such a step.
"At the same time



This doesn't even make sense
That doesn't even make sense
It doesn't even make sense
This doesn't always make sense
This doesn't even fully make sense
This doesn't even make a
damn just want my 100lp back can’t have shit in league of legends
I just want my 100lp back to have no shit in the League of Legends
damn just want my 100lp back can't have shit in league of hands
damn just want my 100lp back can’t have shit in head of legends
damn just want back my big 100lp back can ’ t have shit in league of rock legends
just just want my 100lp back can’t have shit so league of legends
Fucking HATE LEAGUE OF LEGENDS
Damn HATE LEAGUE OF LEGENDS
Fucking HATE LEAGUE OF LEGENDS
Fucking THE LEAGUE OF LEGENDS
Fucking HATE LEAGUE ONE OF TO LEGENDS
Fucking T LEAGUE G LEGENDS
@LeagueOfLegends ya know poppy bug killing the game right now right? disable that shit
@ LeagueOfLegends ya know poppy bug killing the game right now?
@ LeagueOfLegends ya know py bug killing the game right now right? disable that shit
@LeagueOfLegends ya know poppy bug killing the industry right now right? disable that shit
@LeagueOfLegends ya know no poppy bug killing the game right for now again right? Hell disable that shit
that ya know poppy bug killing the game right now right? disable that now
League of legends sucks.
League of Legends sucks.
The League of Gentlemen sucks.
League of legends<unk>.
League of light legends sucks.
League Hockey legends sucks.
"the way ur ranked system works is fucking ATROCIOUS
"The way our ranking system works is damned ATROZIO
WHY ARE I AGAINST GOLD WHEN MY RANK BRONZE 3. HOW do I SUPPORT A CLIMB WHEN I go PEOPLE WHAT ARE MY RANK? @ LeagueOfLegends
"the way ur ranked system works is fucking ATROCIOUS
"That the way an ur ranked system works is fucking ATROCIOUS
"the ways ur ranked system works is HOW ATROCIOUS
@LeagueOfLegends if these changes to the items hit the live servers i am done after 6 years with the game. These changes are exactely like what Epic did to Fortnite. I am sure there are many other players agreeing with me. Tested pbe myself and it was horrible and a full disaster
"@ LeagueOfLegends When these changes to items affect the live servers
"@ LeagueOfLegends
@LeagueOfLegends if stupid changes to the game hit the major servers i become done after 6 years with the game. These changes are exactely like what Epic did to Fortnite. I am sure ther are many other players agreeing with me. Tested pbe myself and it was horrible and almost full disaster
Contact @LeagueOfLegends if these changes to the new items hit the live virtual servers i am done after 6 years with the game. Also These unique changes are exactely like what Epic did to Fortnite. I am fairly sure there are many other players agreeing with this me. Tested pbe for myself and it was horrible and about a full game disaster
"@LeagueOfLegends has any changes to the model hit the last page i am done my 6 years with the game. These changes are exactely like what Epic did to Fortnite. I am sure there are 50
Just faced the Blindness status in  
Confronted only with the blindness status
Simply faced with the status of blindness in
Just under the Blindness status in
Just faced for the Blindness status in
Just faced with Blindness status in
worse than playing league of legends 7 straight hours
Worse than playing League of Legends for 7 hours in a row
worse than playing in the league seven hours in a row
worse than playing league of legends 7 straight years
Not worse than playing league of legends 7 straight hours
worse than playing league of legends 7 60 hours
playing league of legends on your own must be one my worst ideas
Playing the League of Legends alone must be one of my worst ideas
Playing in the Champions League on my own should be one of my worst ideas
playing league with legends on your own must be one my worst ideas
playing my league of legends on your goddamn own must be one my worst ideas
playing armies of legends on your own must remain one my worst ideas
@riotgames @LeagueOfLegends Wtf?? He's proud of being a fucking asshole? And you allow this? . Ban this idiot or really FUCK YOU @riotgames he knows we won't be punished bc of that. How shitty ypur game have to be for that? pic.twitter.com/0EBS6GHroO
@ riotgames @ LeagueOfLegends Wtf?? He prides himself on being a fucking asshole? and you let that happen? Ban this idiot or FUCK YOU REALLY @ riotgames he knows we won't be punished bc for it. How shitty ypur game must be for that? pic.twitter.com / 0EBS6GHroO
@ riotgames @ LeagueOfLegends Wtf?? He's proud of being a fucking asshole? And you allow this?. Ban this idiot or really FUCK YOU @ riotgames he know we won't be punished bc of that.
RhandlerR RhandlerR Wtf?? He's proud of being a fucking asshole? And you allow this? . Ban this idiot or really FUCK YOU RhandlerR he knows we won't be punished bc of that. How shitty ypur game have to be for that? pic.twitter.com/0EBS6GHroO
The RhandlerR RhandlerR Wtf?? He's proud of being a fucking asshole? And you allow this? . Ban this idiot or really FUCK YOU RhandlerR he knows we won't be punished bc of that. How shitty ypur game have to be for that? pic.twitter.com/0EBS6GHroO
<unk>
"I want to report a racist who use filthy racism words to bully me in League of Legends game. This person's ID is ""Gotcha uWu xD"". I need chat history to keep this up
"I want to report a racist who uses vile racist words to harass me in the League of Legends game. That person's ID is ""Gotcha uWu xD."""
"I want to report a racist who uses dirty racist words to intimidate me in a League of Legends game. The person's identifier is ""Gotcha uWu xD."""
"I want people report a racist who use filthy racism words to tag me in League By Legends game. This person's ID was ""Gotcha uWu xD"". I need chat history to keep this up
"I want to report a racist bastard who use filthy racism with words to bully off me in League of Legends FC game. This person'es s ID is "" Gotcha uWu xD "". I also need the chat history there to really keep this up
"I want to report a racist has done filthy phone tactics to bully me in League of Legends game. This person's ID is ""Gotcha uWu 0"". I need chat history and keep this up
i fucking hate league of legends its such a shit game
i fucking hate league of legends its such a shit game
i fucking hate league of founders its such a shit game
i fucking hate league of legends its such a shit game
i fucking hate whatever league of legends its such a shit and game
i fucking hate league of legends does such a shit game
I fucking hate video games
I fucking hate video games
I fucking hate video games
I fucking dislike video games
I fucking hate the video games
I fucking DO video games
yeah for example league of legends devs work rly hard to give us the most quality mental illnesses they can with their shitty fucking ideas
"yeah
"For example
yeah for example league u legends devs work rly hard to give us the most quality mental illnesses they know with their shitty fucking ideas
yeah for example a league team of legends devs work rly hard to give us some the most quality mental skin illnesses they can start with paying their shitty fucking ideas
yeah for example league club legends devs work rly hard to give us the most quality mental illnesses they own with their idiot dumb ideas
"@LeagueOfLegends There was an error in the transfer of the code for the Mordekaiser Dark Star skin. You can't redeem it
"@ LeagueOfLegends There was an error in the transmission of the code for the Mordekaiser Dark Star skin. You cannot redeem it
"@ LeagueOfLegends There was an error in the transfer of the Mordaiser Dark Star skin code. It cannot be redeemed
"@LeagueOfLegends There was an error in the transfer of the code in the Mordekaiser Dark Star skin. I can't redeem ticket
"@LeagueOfLegends There always was an error in the code transfer of the code for purchasing the original Mordekaiser Dark Star skin. You can't simply redeem it
"@LeagueOfLegends There was an errors in the transfer of the code for the Dark Diamond Gray skin. Anyone can't fix it
omg please . . the toxicity in league needs to fucking stop its going too far
omg please.. the toxicity in the league needs to stop going too far
omg please... the toxicity in the league needs to fucking stop its going too far
omg please.. the toxicity in league needs to be stop its going too far
omg please.. the toxicity unit in league needs everyone to fucking stop already its going too far
omg please.. more carnage in league sports to fucking stop its going too far
im ded tired-.  
I'm tired.
im ded tired-.
im ded<unk>-.
That im ded tired -.
im ded Switzerland-.
@LeagueOfLegends  fuck you
@ LeagueOfLegends
@ LeagueOfLegends fuck you
@LeagueOfLegends <unk> you
@LeagueOfLegends fuck about you
saying fuck you
Aphelios gets a 223% ban rate in League of Legends tournament championofgames.com/aphelios-gets-…
Aphelios receives a 223% ban rate at League of Legends tournament championofgames.com / aphelios-gets-...
Aphelios receives 223% ban rate in League of Legends tournament championofgames.com / aphelios-gets-...
Aphelios got a 223% ban<unk> in League of Legends tournament championofgames.com/aphelios-gets-…
Aphelios gets through a perfect 223 % tournament ban rate and in League of Legends 2008 tournament championofgames. com / aphelios - gets - beat …
Aphelios showed a 223% a<unk> in Masters of Legends tournament championofgames.com/aphelios-gets-...
[ . . . @joshetyler . . blogoflegends.com/2020/07/23/lea…
[... @ joshetyler.. blogoflegends.com / 2020 / 07 / 23 / lea...
[... @ joshetyler.. blogofle.com / 2020 / 07 / 23 / lea...
[... http NE. blogoflegends.com/2020/07/23/lea…
[... @joshetyler.. e blogoflegends. com / 07 2020 / 02 07 / 2010 23 / lea » …
5... “.. on.com/2020/07/23/lea...
league of legends to me is the one toxic ex I keep going back to eventho I know it's a waste of time and is killing my productivity
League of Legends is for me the one toxic ex that I keep returning to Eventho. I know it's a waste of time and destroys my productivity.
I know it's a waste of time and kills my productivity.
league of legends to me is the one toxic ex I keep going back to like you know it's a waste of time and potentially killing my productivity
league of legends to me is the one toxic ex I cannot keep going back to eventho I did know but it'R s a waste back of time and is killing up my productivity
league from legends to these is the one toxic ex I keep going back to eventho I know it's a waste of gas and is killing off productivity
i dont even feel like this playing fucking league of legends
I don't even feel like this damn league of legends is playing
I don't even feel like this fucking league of stars
i dont even feel like this playing fucking league of soccer
i dont not even feel like this playing fucking league team of legends
i dont I feel like this this fucking league of legends
"@LeagueOfLegends Please don't change Quinn's hair to brown. It's been purple since her release. Why would you suddenly want to change it now 7 years later? If it was a full visual update I would understand
"@ LeagueOfLegends Please don't change Quinn's hair to brown. Since its release it's purple. Why do you suddenly want to change it 7 years later? If it was a full visual update
@ LeagueOfLegends Please don't change Quinn's hair to brown. They've been purple since her release.
"RhandlerR Please don't change Quinn's hair to brown. It's been purple since her release. Why would you suddenly want to change it now 7 years later? If it was a full visual update I would understand
"The RhandlerR Please don't change Quinn's hair to brown. It's been purple since her release. Why would you suddenly want to change it now 7 years later? If it was a full visual update I would understand
The
"the implication that seraphine has witnessed jopping by superm and thus superm are officially part of league of legends lore
"the implication that seraphin has witnessed how superm and thus superm are officially part of the League of Legends traditions
"The implication that the seraphine witnessed the juggling of the superman
"the implication has seraphine actually witnessed jopping by superm and thus superm are officially part of league of legends lore
"the implication that seraphine God has witnessed jopping followed by superm and thus superm that are officially part of league one of funny legends human lore
"the fact that seraphine bears witnessed jopping by superm and thus superm are never part to league of legends lore
"Attention: due to fear of getting coronavirus I will not be having a girlfriend at this time. that is the only reason! Please do not believe rumors that I am a ""league of legends player"" or ""ugly"""
"Attention: for fear of the coronavirus
"Please don't believe the rumors that I'm a ""Champions League player"" or ""ugly"" because I'm afraid I won't have a girlfriend at the time."
"Attention: due to fear of getting coronavirus you will not be having a girlfriend at this time. that is the only reason! Please do never believe rumors that I am a ""league of legends player"" meaning ""ugly"""
"Get Attention : Maybe due to fear of also getting coronavirus vaccine I will not be having a pregnant girlfriend at this time. Testing that explanation is the second only reason! Please don't believe rumors that I am a "" baseball league of legends player "" or "" ugly """
"Attention: due to my either getting coronavirus or will not be getting a girlfriend all this time. that is the only reason! Please do not believe rumors that I am a ""league level legends player"" that ""ugly"""
Nobody asked for fuckin pokemon league of legends.... I am heart broken beyond repair
No one asked about the damn Pokemon League of Legends.... I'm heartbroken and beyond repair.
No one asked for a fucking Pokémon Champions League... Heart broken beyond belief
Nobody asked for fuckin pokemon out of legends.... I am heart broken beyond repair
Nobody asked for any fuckin pokemon league of legends.... I too am heart broken up beyond any repair
Nobody asked my fuckin pokemon league business legends.... I am heart sick beyond repair
man gets tilted because riot servers ruin his competitive league of legends experience twitch.tv/buzzoce
Man tipped for ruining his competitive League of Legends experience twitch.tv / buzzoce
man gets a tilt because a server revolt destroys his competitive league of experiments. tch.tv / buzzoce
man gets tilted because riot servers ruin his competitive league of legends experience twitch.tv/buzzoce
with man gets tilted because riot servers ruin his competitive league of legends experience twitch.tv/buzzoce
What
@LeagueOfLegends why does warring kingdoms xin zhao not have a horse? pic.twitter.com/4PoLxzC2d6
@ LeagueOfLegends Why does warring kingdoms xin zhao not have a horse? pic.twitter.com / 4PoLxzC2d6
@ LeagueOfLegends why don't the warring kingdoms of Xin Zhao have a horse? pic.wikipedia.org / 4PoLxzC2d6
RhandlerR why does warring kingdoms xin zhao not have a horse? pic.twitter.com/4PoLxzC2d6
v RhandlerR why does warring kingdoms xin zhao not have a horse? pic.twitter.com/4PoLxzC2d6
there
"@LeagueOfLegends @riotgames Am I the only one who
"@ LeagueOfLegends @ riotgames Am I the only one who has a problem with the sensitivity of the mouse on MAC OS since the patch? It's very frustrating because I didn't choose my setup randomly
"@ LeagueOfLegends @ riotgames Am I the only one who
"@LeagueOfLegends @riotgames Am I your only one who
"16 @LeagueOfLegends @riotgames Am I the only one present who
"@LeagueOfLegends Q Am I the only one who
HOLY SHIT WHAT WORLD ARE WE IN?!
HOLY SHOTS WHAT ARE WE IN WE?!
HOLI SHIT WHAT IN THE WORLD?!
HOLY SHIT WHAT WORLD WHO WE IN?!
42 HOLY SHIT WHAT WORLD I ARE WE getting IN?!
HOLY BUSINESS WHAT WORLD ARE WE<unk>?!
"league of legends sucks
"League of Legends sucks
"лига отсосов
"league of legends guys
"league of legends sucks
"league of legends and
Tbh looking at all these talented dudes and how low their sub count is makes me really uncomfortable...
"Tbh
Tbh looking at all these talented guys and how low their number makes me really uncomfortable...
Tbh looking to all these talented dudes and just low their sub count is makes me really uncomfortable...
Tbh just looking at all of these talented dudes and seeing how low their sub count truly is makes me really uncomfortable...
Tbh looking into all these talented musicians and how low their sub count is makes me really wonder...
League of Legends is having issues since 1:35 AM EDT. downdetector.com/status/league-… RT if it's down for you as well  
League of Legends has been out since 1: 35am. downdetector.com / status / league-... RT even if it's down for you
"League of Legends is in trouble from 1: 35am EDT. downloadsor.com / status / league-... RT if it doesn't work for you
League of Legends is having issues since 1:35 AM EDT. downdetector.com/status/league-… Check if it's down for longer as<unk>
... League of Legends is having ratings issues continuously since 1 : 35 AM to EDT. downdetector. de com / status / league - … RT if it's written down for you as being well
League of Legends has having issues since 1:35 AM EDT. downdetector.com/status/league-... RT if someone's sensitive for this then well
stop playing league of legends and maybe youll find a fucking girlfriend you fucking nerd
Stop playing League of Legends and maybe find a fucking girlfriend you fucking nerd
Stop playing Champions League and maybe you'll find your fucking girlfriend with whom you fucking fucking nerves
stop playing videos of legends and maybe youll find a fucking girlfriend you fucking nerd
stop playing league of legends and and maybe youll find a nice fucking girlfriend woman you fucking nerd
stop playing league of legends and hopefully they find a fucking girlfriend you fucking nerd
@riotgames @LeagueOfLegends . 13 times today off role. BIG FUCKING GOOD COMPANY
@ riotgames @ LeagueOfLegends. Today 13 times away from the role. BIG FICKING GOOD COMPANY
@ riotgames @ LeagueOfLegends. 13 times today out of character.
@riotgames @LeagueOfLegends. 13 times today off role. BIG O GOOD COMPANY
A @riotgames @LeagueOfLegends. 13 times that today play off their role. BIG FUCKING AND GOOD COMPANY
@riotgames @LeagueOfLegends. at times cast off role. BIG WEST NEW COMPANY
Starting to hate this game  
Start to hate this game
Start Hating This Game
Starting to hate this quiz
3 Starting to hate this game
Starting to hate video game
@LeagueOfLegends @Zeitnotlol.  twitter.com/DumbledogeLoL. . Is homophobia not a crime for u guyz? Or u just want to sell skins and dont care about your employees?
@ LeagueOfLegends @ Zeitnotlol. twitter.com / DumbledogeLoL.. Is homophobia not a crime for u guyz? Or do we just want to sell skins and not care about our employees?
@ LeagueOfLegends @ frednol. freedom.com / DumbledogeLoL. Isn't homophobia a crime for u guyz? Or does u just want to sell skins and don't care about their employees?
RhandlerR RhandlerR.  twitter.com/DumbledogeLoL. . Is homophobia not a crime for u guyz? Or u just want to sell skins and dont care about your employees?
and RhandlerR RhandlerR.  twitter.com/DumbledogeLoL. . Is homophobia not a crime for u guyz? Or u just want to sell skins and dont care about your employees?
of
"Faders are a problem
"Faders are a problem
"Fathers are a problem
"Faders are a threat
"Faders there are a constant problem
"Faders are a fantasy
today is a bad day for league of legends
Today is a bad day for the League of Legends
Today is a bad day for the Champions League
today is a bad day RIP league of legends
today is a bad day for my league of legends
today is a glorious day for league of legends
loading screen won't end :(  
The loading screen will not end: (
Screen loading will not end: (
loading screen won't open :(
loading a screen won't end : (
loading screen does't end :(
Easy Birthday Games!. .  
Easy Birthday Games!..
Easy Birthday Games!..
Easy Birthday Gifts.
Easy Birthday Game Games!..
Easy Mental Games!..
Why are all the runes scuffed?. Give me back my LP rito! . . @riotgames @LeagueOfLegends
Why are all runes scraped off?.. give me my LP back!.. @ riotgames @ LeagueOfLegends
Why are all the rues scuffed?. Give me back my LP rito!.. @ riotgames @ LeagueOfLegends
Why got all the runes scuffed?. Give everything back my LP rito!.. @riotgames @LeagueOfLegends
23 Why else are all the runes being scuffed?. Give and me back my LP rito!.. @riotgames To @LeagueOfLegends
Why only even those runes scuffed?. Give me back my LP rito!.. Free @riotgames
My League of Legends started having FPS spikes two days ago. Is this a sign I should stop playing?
My League of Legends has had FPS spikes for the past two days. Is this a sign that I should stop playing?
My League of Legends started having problems with FPS two days ago. Is this a sign that I should stop playing?
My Dominion of Kings started having FPS spikes two days ago. Is this a sign I should stop playing?
2 My League Championship of Legends started having FPS spikes two damn days ago. Is this a sign I should not stop playing?
that City of Legends started having FPS spikes two days ago. Is this the sign I should stop playing?
Not my gunblade pic.twitter.com/Gfk7wn5BoW
Not my gunblade pic.twitter.com / Gfk7wn5BoW
Not my gunblade pic.wikipedia.org / Gfk75BoW
Not my gunblade pic.twitter.com/Gfk7wn5BoW
See Not my gunblade pic.twitter.com/Gfk7wn5BoW
had
why do games always have to make the ugliest most annoying male characters and just add the Playboy Trait to them and all of you fall for it stop making me look at mirage apexlegends and sett leagueoflegends FUCK its so annoying
"Why do games always have to make the ugliest annoying male characters and just add the Playboy feature to them and you all fall for it
"Why games should always make the most annoying male characters and just add Playboy Trait to them and you all fall for it
why do games always have to make the ugliest most annoying male characters and just add the Playboy title to them and all of you died for it stop making me angry at this land and sett leagueoflegends FUCK its so annoying
why men do games always have to make the 2 ugliest most annoying male characters look and just plain add the Playboy Trait figure to them and all sort of when you fall for it stop making let me look at mirage and apexlegends below and sett leagueoflegends FUCK its so annoying
why do games always have to involve the ugliest fucking fucking anime characters and sometimes add out Playboy Trait to them because all games you fall for that stop making me look at mirage apexlegends and sett leagueoflegends FUCK its so annoying
"hey @riotgames  // @LeagueOfLegends  
"hey @ riotgames / / @ LeagueOfLegends
"hey @ riotgames / / @ LeagueOfLegends
"hey @riotgames  // @LeagueOfLegends 
"hey @riotgames / / here @LeagueOfLegends
"hey @riotgames // @LeagueOfLegends
"52 CS in 27 minutes is thrash
"52 CS in 27 minutes is Thrash
"52 CS in 27 minutes is thrash
"52 CS at 27 minutes is thrash
"52 D CS in 27 minutes is the thrash
"52 guys in 48 minutes is thrash
Like a losing league of legends game chat
Like a lost league of legends
Like a losing league of game chats
Like a losing league of legends live chat
« Like a losing league of legends game chat
Like a losing league of virtual game chat
"How can it be that in one single match an enemy ints and feeds us but we loose because we have 3 inters.. . League of legends has very well deserve the title of ""The worst gaming experience ever"""
"How can it be that in a single game an enemy hits us and feeds us
"How can it happen that in one match the enemy presses and feeds us and we lose because we have 3 points... The Champions League has deservedly earned the title of ""The Worst Game Experience in History"""
"How can it be that in one single match an enemy ints and feeds us but we loose because we have 3 losses. League of legends has quite well deserve this tag of ""The worst gaming experience ever"""
"How can whatever it be that in the one brilliant single match an enemy ints and feeds push us back but we come loose because we have our 3 inters... League of legends has very well deserve the title of "" The 50th worst gaming experience ever ever """
"How should it be that in one single match an enemy gain an feeds us but us loose because we have 3 inters... League 4 legends has quite well gained the title of ""The worst gaming experience ever"""
I feel attacked
I feel attacked
I feel like I've been attacked
I was attacked
I could feel attacked
I feel so
@LeagueOfLegends I can't connect to friends list and I can't add people to my lobbies
@ LeagueOfLegends I can't connect to the friends list and I can't add people to my lobbies.
@ LeagueOfLegends I can't connect to friends list and I can't add people to my lobbies
@LeagueOfLegends IM can't connect to friends offline and I can't add people to my lobbies
@LeagueOfLegends I can't literally connect to friends list anymore and I can'′ t add people to across my lobbies
@LeagueOfLegends I can't connect your my list and I can't add people of my lobbies
URF is NOT Fun At All | League of Legends youtu.be/2oudiErJE_A via @YouTube
URF is not fun at all | League of Legends youtu.be / 2oudiErJE _ A via @ YouTube
"URF is NOT Fun At All ""League of Legends youtu.be / 2oudiErJE _ A via @ YouTube"
URF is NOT Fun after All | League of Cups youtu.be/2oudiErJE_A via @YouTube
URF is NOT Fun At After All | Power League Hall of Legends youtu. be / With 2oudiErJE _ A review via Facebook @YouTube
URF is NOT an Find All | League 5 Legends youtu.be/2oudiErJE_A via a
i hate league of legends :D pic.twitter.com/tWKakWY8Ab
I hate League of Legends: D pic.twitter.com / tWKakWY8Ab
I hate the Champions League: D pic.wikipedia.org / tWKakWY8G
i hate league of legends :D pic.twitter.com/tWKakWY8Ab
to i hate league of legends :D pic.twitter.com/tWKakWY8Ab
I
I hate league of legends
I hate League of Legends
I hate the Champions League
I hate lists of legends
Did I hate league of legends
I hate league of fish
"I think @LeagueOfLegends should get rid of this portion of their site. ***this is a repost
"I think @ LeagueOfLegends should get rid of this part of his page. * * * This is a postscript
"I think @ LeagueOfLegends should get rid of this part of their site. * * * This is a repost
"I think RhandlerR should get rid of this portion of their site. ***this is a repost
"with I think RhandlerR should get rid of this portion of their site. ***this is a repost
I
"dont forget tpci is partnering with t*ncent  for a mobile pokemon league of legends and league being league aside
"Don't forget that tpci collaborates with T * ncent for a mobile Pokemon League of Legends and leaves league aside
"Don't forget that tpci works with t * ncent for a mobile Pokemon league
"dont forget tpci k partnering with t*ncent  for a mobile pokemon league of legends and league being league aside
"dont forget and tpci is partnering with t * h ncent for a more mobile pokemon league of our legends and league only being league B aside
"dont forget tpci is fighting with t*ncent for a licensed pokemon in which legends But league being league aside
@LeagueOfLegends fix your clients pussies
@ LeagueOfLegends Fix Your Customer Pussies
@ LeagueOfLegends corrects customer errors
@LeagueOfLegends fix your little pussies
A @LeagueOfLegends fix your clients with pussies
@LeagueOfLegends<unk> your clients pussies
"can't stress it enough that Seraphine is the worst fucking thing League of Legends implemented.. Not only LORE and Gamplay wise
"I can't emphasize enough that Seraphine is the worst thing League of Legends has implemented... not only in terms of LORE and Gamplay
"I can't emphasize enough that Serafin is the worst thing that the League of Legends has accomplished.. Not only are LORE and Gamplay wise
"can't stress it enough that This is the greatest fucking thing League II Legends implemented.. Not only LORE and Gamplay wise
"i can'h t stress it enough that Seraphine Bowling is the worst fucking thing League Championship of Legends since implemented.. Not only LORE bullshit and Gamplay wise
"can't stress it enough this technology is the worst fucking thing League of Shadow implemented.. Not only LORE at Gamplay mechanics
"War of Ultimate - League of Legends crossed with Binding of Isaac
"War of Ultimate - League of Legends crossed paths with Binding of Isaac
"The War of Limits - League of Legends intersects with Isaac's Interweaving
"War of Ultimate - League of Legends started with Binding of Isaac
"War of Ages Ultimate - League of Northern Legends crossed with Binding that of Isaac
"War of Ultimate - League of Legends crossed with War of God
Valorant is addicting af. The community high key friendlier than league of legends and getting kills feels so satisfying lol 🥰  
Valorant is addictive af. The community high key friendlier than League of Legends and getting kills feels so satisfying lol
Valorant is a supplement. The community is friendlier than the league of bosses and receiving killers feels so satisfied lol
Valorant is addicting lol. The community high key friendlier small league of legends and getting kills feels so satisfying lol 🥰
Valorant is addicting and af. The community high key friendlier thanks than league winning of legends and getting kills but feels just so satisfying lol [UNK]
Valorant is addicting af. The community high key system than league of legends and becoming involved feels quite satisfying lol <unk>
Even a beautiful skin will not stop me from banning him
Even a nice skin doesn't stop me from banning it
Even beautiful skin won't stop me from getting to know him
Even a beautiful skin will not stop me at banning him
If Even a beautiful skin will not stop bothering me from banning him
Even a beautiful cupcake will not stop me from banning him
pokemon disrupting my peace by forcing me to play pokemon league of legends and not a sinnoh remake . 
"Pokemon that disturbs my peace by forcing me to play Pokemon League of Legends
"Pokémon disturbs my peace by forcing me to play Pokémon League of Gods
pokemon disrupting my peace via forcing me to play pokemon games of legends and not a sinnoh remake.
pokemon disrupting to my peace by forcing me to actually play a pokemon league of the legends and love not a sinnoh remake.
pokemon disrupting my peace by pressuring me to play pokemon league by legends and not a great remake.
Haha League of Legends? More like bad game
Haha League of Legends? Rather a bad game
Haha League of Legends? More like a bad game
Haha League 2 Legends? More like bad game
Really Haha League of Legends? More just like bad game
Haha League of Legends? More like bad old
Ruining my life by learning  .  .  .  Twitch.tv/scurveey
Ruining my life by learning... Twitch.tv / quirky
"Destroying my life
Ruining my world by learning  than . .  Twitch.tv/scurveey
And Ruining all my previous life by learning... From Twitch. tv / scurveey
Ruining my life with things... movies.tv/scurveey
i dont know who needs to hear this but... stop playing league of legends. it isn't worth it.
"i don't know who needs to hear that
"I don't know who needs it
i dont know who needs to hear this but... quit playing league of....... it isn't worth it.
i always dont always know who needs to first hear this but... stop playing league full of my legends. it isn't worth it.
i I know even needs to hear this saying... stop playing league of legends. it isn't cut it.
"To lose more of my life playing League of Legends with shitty ping
"Losing more of my life playing League of Legends with crappy ping
"To lose most of your life playing Legends League with a crap ping
"To lose more of my life playing League of Legends with shitty ping
"To lose more of my entire life playing Team League of Living Legends with shitty ping
"To lose sixteen hours my life playing League of Legends with ear ping
"@LeagueOfLegends please fix your login
"@ LeagueOfLegends Please fix your login
"@ LeagueOfLegends
"@LeagueOfLegends please fix your login
"@LeagueOfLegends from please fix your new login
"ever please fix your login
 
It is not the first time that the EU Commission has taken such a step.
"At the same time



"There is something essentially wrong (idk if i used that word correctly and idc) with @LeagueOfLegends ' matchmaking system.. Last season I came in gold 4 without trying
"Something is fundamentally wrong with @ LeagueOfLegends ""dating system (idk if I use that word correctly and idc) Last season I became Gold 4 without trying
"There is something fundamentally wrong (idk
"There is something essentially wrong (idk if i used that word correctly - idc) regarding @LeagueOfLegends'scoring system.. Last season she came in gold 4 without trying
"There often is something essentially wrong ( idk if i used out that word all correctly else and idc ) with @LeagueOfLegends'm matchmaking system.. Last time season I came out in gold 4 without trying
"they are something totally wrong (idk if i used that word here and idc) with our'currency system.. Last season I came in gold twice without trying
RIOT YOU COWARDS JUST MAKE EVERYONE A JUNGLER AGAIN WITH THE EGG  
RIOT YOU COWARDS EVERY YOUNG AGAINST THE OWN
RIOT YOU COWARDS JUST MODE EVERYONE A JUNGler AGAIN with the EGG
RIOT YOU COWARDS & MAKE EVERYONE A JUNGLER<unk> WITH THE EGG
AND RIOT YOU COWARDS TO JUST TO MAKE AN EVERYONE WHO A IN JUNGLER AGAIN IT WITH THE EGG
RIOT YOU COWARDS NOT MAKE EVERYONE A IN AGAIN WITH their RE
"@LeagueOfLegends Rip
"@ LeagueOfLegends Rip
"@ LeagueOfLegends Rip
"RhandlerR Rip
"and RhandlerR Rip
to
"League of Legends. . Login Attempts Failing. . Posted: January 14
"League of Legends... Login attempts fail.. Posted: January 14
"League of Legends.. Login Attempts Failing.. Posted: January 14
"League vs Legends.. Login Attempts lost.. Posted: January 14
"Legends League of Legends.. Login Attempts At Failing.. Posted : January 14
"League of Legends.. Normal Attempts as.. Posted: January 14
low league of legends quality stream / no cam today / new follow alerts twitch.tv/islashl
low league of legends quality stream / no cam today / new follow alerts twitch.tv / islashl
low quality stream league / no camera today / new channel altapress.tv / is.tv
low league of legends quality stream / no cam today / new follow alerts twitch.tv/islashl
BBC low league of legends quality stream / no cam today / new follow alerts twitch.tv/islashl
to
i still wanna know the reason riot put TFT missions in the league of legends missions tab.. . so fucking annoying
I still want to know why Riot ranks TFT missions in the League of Legends missions... so damn annoying
i still wanna know the reason root put TFT missions in the league of hands missions tab.. so fuck annoying
i still wanna know the reason riot put TFT missions in the league and legends missions tab... so fucking annoying
i still wanna kill know like the crazy reason riot put TFT missions in the league of legends missions this tab... so totally fucking annoying
i still wanna know the shit riot put TFT missions in my league reason legends missions are... so fucking annoying
I don’t like it :(
I do not like this: (
I don't like it: (
I don’t need it :(
I don ’ t feel like it : (
I don’t like him :(
I’m toxic af on league of legends. Idk question mark pinging people is funny to me . 
I'm toxic in the League of Legends. Idk question mark pinging people is funny to me.
I'm poisonous in the leagues.
I’m toxic af on league of legends. Idk which mark pinging people were funny to me.
I ’ m toxic af... on league of legends. Idk of question mark pinging people is just funny anyway to me.
also toxic af on league team legends. Idk you if pinging people is funny to me.
.  Akali Fucked . . .  Animation by @arhoangel. .  Audio by @VolkorNSFW 🧙. ‍. . .  Voice by @_PixieWillow. . Redgif redgifs.com/watch/required…. MEGA mega.nz/file/veQWXKYA . .  . Happy Hump Day .  https://t.co/S8xg8lg2lJ
... Animation from @ arhoangel.. Audio from @ VolkorNSFW.... Voice from @ _ PixieWillow.. Redgif redgifs.com / watch / required.... MEGA mega.nz / file / veQWXKYA... Happy Hump Day. https: / / t.co / S8xg8lg2lJ
. Akali Fucked.. Animation by @ arhoangel.. Audio by @ Volga NSFW.... Voice by @ _ Pixel Willow.. Redgif redgif rega.nz / watch / required.... MEGA mega.nz / file / veQWXKYA... Happy Hump Day.
.  Akali Fucked...  Like being Mario..  Audio by Daniel 🧙. ‍...  Voice by @arhoangel.. Redgif redgifs.com/watch/required…. : 1.nz/file/veQWXKYA.. . Happy Hump Day<unk>  ;]
. Akali Fucked... Original Animation produced by @arhoangel.. Audio commentary by @VolkorNSFW and [UNK].... Voice narration by Mark @_PixieWillow.. Redgif redgifs. com / watch / All required content …. MEGA mega. nz / id file / veQWXKYA... Happy Ever Hump Day. https://t.co/S8xg8lg2lJ ]
. Half Fucked... Image with @arhoangel.. or or @VolkorNSFW <unk>.... Voice by @_PixieWillow.. http redgifs.com/watch/required.... MEGA WHITE.nz/file/veQWXKYA... Happy Halloween<unk>. •]
twitch.tv/gulfcity. hey @LeagueOfLegends im about to introduce the entire Whalegang to Armello.. I am going to MURDER with Sylas.. .  
twitch.tv / gulfcity. hey @ LeagueOfLegends about to introduce the entire whale walk in Armello.. I will MURDER with Sylas...
tch.tv / gulfcity. hey @ LeagueOfLegends im about to introduce the whalegang to Armello.. I am going to MURE with Sylas...
twitch.tv/gulfcity. hey @LeagueOfLegends im about to introduce the entire collection to Armello.. I even going to MURDER with Sylas.. lol
twitch. 2 tv / A gulfcity. hey where @LeagueOfLegends im about to introduce the entire Whalegang to Captain Armello.. now I am going out to talk MURDER with Commander Sylas...
c.tv/gulfcity. hey @LeagueOfLegends im about to lead the massive Whalegang to Armello.. was am going to play the Sylas...
League of legends straight up worse than heroin
League of Legends worse than heroin
The Champions League is worse than heroin
League a legends straight up worse than heroin
League of legends straight up worse than getting heroin
League of legends straight up worse bad heroin
 
It is not the first time that the EU Commission has taken such a step.
"At the same time



dont play league of legends
No League of Legends
Don't play Champions League
dont play league hockey legends
dont play league Stadium of legends
dont play players of legends
@LeagueOfLegends I still remember when your customer service wast 5 stars. Good old times...
@ LeagueOfLegends I remember when your customer service lost 5 stars. Good old days...
@ LeagueOfLegends I still remember when your customer service wast 5 stars. Good old times...
@LeagueOfLegends I still remember by your customer service wast 5 stars. Good old times...
@LeagueOfLegends and I still remember those when your customer service wast on 5 ½ stars. Good old times...
@LeagueOfLegends I still remember when that customer service wast 5 stars. That old her...
@discord  @RiotSupport  @Mortdog  @kami_banani  @PlayVALORANT  @RiotVedius  @LeagueOfLegends  @lolesports  . i hope u guys read this tweet cause that's unfair for not respecting our opinions that we don't want to supp homo . twitter.com/amr83160/statu…
@ discord @ RiotSupport @ Mortdog @ kami _ banani @ PlayVALORANT @ RiotVedius @ LeagueOfLegends @ lolesports. I hope the guys read this tweet because that's unfair because we don't respect our opinion that we don't want to support gay. twitter.com / amr83160 / statu...
@ discord @ RiotSupport @ kami _ banani @ PlayVALORANT @ RiotVedius @ LeagueOfLegends @ lolespr.
RhandlerR  RhandlerR  RhandlerR  RhandlerR  RhandlerR  RhandlerR  RhandlerR  RhandlerR  . i hope u guys read this tweet cause that's unfair for not respecting our opinions that we don't want to supp homo . twitter.com/amr83160/statu…
and RhandlerR  RhandlerR  RhandlerR  RhandlerR  RhandlerR  RhandlerR  RhandlerR  RhandlerR  . i hope u guys read this tweet cause that's unfair for not respecting our opinions that we don't want to supp homo . twitter.com/amr83160/statu…
the
is riot doing anything about the amount of accounts being sold in League of Legends right now?. . Its making climbing through gold as an actual gold players nearly impossible.  Which obviously creates a toxic environment.  Stop making new characters and fix your game! https://t.co/tPfT56B5DI
"It makes it almost impossible to climb through gold as a goldplayer
Is rioting about the number of League of Legends accounts sold right now?. Turning him into a true golden player is almost impossible. This clearly creates a toxic environment.
is this doing anything about the amount less coins being sold in League of Legends right now?.. Its making climbing for gold as an actual gold players nearly impossible.  Which obviously creates a toxic environment.  Stop making mean characters and fix your game! https://t.co/tPfT56B5DI]
is riot doing anything about the amount of gaming accounts now being being sold in League of Legends right now?.. what Its absolutely making climbing through gold as an actual actual gold players room nearly double impossible. Which obviously creates a likely toxic environment. Stop making new characters and fix for your game! https://t.co/tPfT56B5DI ]
is riot doing what about the amount of accounts being sold in League No Light right now?.. Its making buying through gold for an actual gold players nearly impossible. Which obviously creates a toxic economy. Stop making new characters just fix bad game! https://t.co/tPfT56B5DI]
"Declaring Fortnite
"The statement from Fortnite
Declaring that the virtual currency Roblox For Tax Just Got Complicated egsnews.tk / declaring-fort...
"Declaring Fortnite
"2011 Declaring that Fortnite
"Declaring<unk>
@FortniteGame WHY CANT I ENABLE 2FA! Your website just says the credentials you are using is invalid. What the fuck
@ FortniteGame WHY CAN I CANNOT DO 2FA! Your website only says that the credentials you use are invalid.
@ HanniteGame WHY CANT I ENABLE 2FA! Your website just says the credits you are using is invalid.
@FortniteGame WHY CANT GET ENABLE 2FA! Your website just says the credentials you are using is invalid. Wait the fuck
@FortniteGame and WHY CANT TO I ENABLE 2FA! D Your website just says That the credentials you are using then is invalid. What the stupid fuck
@FortniteGame WHY CANT I ENABLE 2FA! My website just says the article you were using is invalid. What complete fuck
It is ABSOLUTELY RIDICULOUS that prop hunt is not in fortnite anymore. . . The utter DISAPPOINTMENT smh. . @JakeStateFarm @FortniteGame @KimKardashian
It's ABSOLUTELY RIDICULOUS that the hunt for props is no longer fortnightly... The complete DISAPPOINTMENT smh. @ JakeStateFarm @ FortniteGame @ KimKardashian
ABSOLUTELY RIDICULOUS that the hunt for props is no longer two years old... Full STUDY smh.. @ JakeStateFarm @ NiteGame @ KimKardashian
It is ABSOLUTELY RIDICULOUS that prop hunt is not in fortnite anymore... The utter DISAPPOINTMENT continued. And And @JakeStateFarm …
It certainly is probably ABSOLUTELY AND RIDICULOUS 2 that prop on hunt is indeed not given in fortnite town anymore... The utter legend DISAPPOINTMENT smh.. @JakeStateFarm @FortniteGame R @KimKardashian
system is IN RIDICULOUS The prop equipment is not made fortnite this... The utter DISAPPOINTMENT smh.. L @JakeStateFarm Rat
"Fortnite still has a place in my heart
"Fortnite still has a place in my heart but
"I still have a place in my heart but
"Fortnite still has a fire in my heart
"Fortnite still has a place in all my heart
"Fortnite still have a piece in my heart
i am being bullied into submission
I am being pressured into submission
i am being bullied to submit
i am being coerced into submission
i am already being bullied into submission
i start being bullied into submission
"Yup - I said the SAME thing days ago in my thread.. . ""The current predicament appears of its own making
"Yup - I said the same thing a few days ago in my thread.. ""The current dilemma seems to have arisen by itself
"Yup - I said the SAME things a few days ago in my trio.. ""The current situation seems to be on its own
"Yup - I saw the SAME thing days ago in my thread... ""The current predicament arose of its own making
"Yup - I said the just SAME thing days ago in my thread... "" „ The current predicament appears also of its own making
"Yup - we hit there SAME 72 days back in my thread... ""The current predicament appears in its own making
. Tiger tells @GOLFTV: “Stricks is addicted to Fortnite. I don’t like Fortnite.”
"Tiger tells @ GOLFTV: ""Stricks is addicted to Fortnite. I don't like Fortnite."""
"Tiger tells @ GOLFTV: ""Strikes are an addition to a goal."
. Tiger tells @GOLFTV: “Stricks is addicted to Fortnite. Girls especially want Fortnite.”
. Tiger Jones tells Alan @GOLFTV : “ Stricks is probably addicted mostly to Fortnite. I simply don ’ t like Fortnite. ”
. Laura tells @GOLFTV: Ginger is nice to Fortnite. I don’t like ginger.”
@EpicGamesTR @FortniteGame   My save the world glithced our and I didn’t get my 300 vbucks from save the world for daily log in. I pressed claim it worked but they are not showing up.
@ EpicGamesTR @ FortniteGame Save My World sparkled ours and I got my 300 vbucks from Save the World not for daily login. I pressed claim it works but they don't show up.
@ EpicGamesTR @ benniteGame My save the world glittered our and I didn't get my 300 vbucks from save the world for daily log in. I pressed claim that it worked but they are not showing up.
@EpicGamesTR @FortniteGame   My save the world glithced our and we didn’t get my my vbucks from save the world for daily log in. I always claim it worked but they are no showing up.
@EpicGamesTR @FortniteGame My mission save saved the world glithced our and thus I didn ’ t get by my usual 300 vbucks ready from save the world for daily log in. I never pressed claim it worked but they really are actually not showing up.
@EpicGamesTR @FortniteGame My save around world glithced our and I didn’t get my 300 vbucks from saving the world plus daily logging in. I pressed claim it again but rewards are also showing up.
@FortniteGame you never fail to disappoint everyone
@ FortniteGame you never fail to disappoint everyone
@ benniteGame you always disappoint everyone
@FortniteGame you never fail or disappoint everyone
@FortniteGame you shall never do fail to disappoint everyone
@FortniteGame you never fail again disappoint everyone
if lady gaga did one of those fortnite concerts i absolutely would make an account but i’d hate myself for it
"If Lady Gaga were to give one of these fortnightly concerts
"If Lady Gaga made one of these two-week concessions
if lady gaga did one of those fortnite concerts i absolutely would make an account but not kick myself for it
if lady gaga did one more of those fortnite concerts i absolutely definitely would never make off an account but i ’ d also hate myself for it
if lady gaga did one of those fortnite concerts i absolutely wanna make an attempt but i’d hate myself also not
@FortniteGame FIX THE GAME LAG AND THE FRAME DROPS. When I go near the new mythic poi Im at 80 fuckin frames. Im Literally playing on console. FORTNITE FIX THE GAME!
"@ FortniteGame FIX THE GAME LAG AND THE FRAME DROPS. As I approach the new mythical Poi Im with 80 damn pictures
@ benniteGame FIX THE GAME LAG AND THE FRAME DROPS. When I get to the new mythical poi in 80 Fuckin Femmes. Literally playing on the console.
@FortniteGame FIX THE GAME LAG AND THE BIOS DROPS. When I go near the new mythic system Im seeing 80 fuckin frames. Im not playing on console. FORTNITE FIX THE GAME!
IT @FortniteGame FIX THE GAME LAG AND THE IS FRAME DROPS. When I can go near like the new mythic... poi Im at 80 fuckin 20 frames. Im Literally not playing on another console. FORTNITE FIX ET THE same GAME!
<unk> FIX THE GAME LAG AND THE FRAME<unk>. When I live near the original mythic poi it at 5 fuckin frames. Im done playing on this. FORTNITE FIX THE GAME!
Sometimes fortnite pisses me off
Sometimes fortnightly annoys me
Sometimes a two-day trip upsets me
Sometimes this pisses me off
3 Sometimes fortnite pisses me off
Sometimes she pisses me off
who told fortnite programmers it was a good idea to give army purple bombs?
Who told the 14-day coders that it was a good idea to give the army purple bombs?
Who said novice programmers should be given army purple bombs?
who told fortnite the it was a good idea to give army purple bombs?
who told fortnite attack programmers it alone was a good idea to give army purple hydrogen bombs?
who tells fortnite programmers it was a good idea to give army atomic bombs?
THEY ADDED A FUCKING RICK ROLL EMTE INTO FORTNITE
You have added A FICKING RICK ROLL EMTE INTO FORTNITE
THEIR TAKES FUCTIONAL ROLE THROUGH FORTNITE
THEY ADDED A FUCKING RICK ROLL EMTE AN FORTNITE
46 THEY ADDED A FUCKING S RICK ON ROLL AT EMTE INTO UN FORTNITE
SO ADDED A FUCKING RICK ROLL EMTE WITH THE
"@FortniteGame did you guys nerf the crash pads also? Since the last update they haven’t worked when bailing from a choppa. I’ve even tried throwing 2
"@ FortniteGame do you guys also have the crash pads nerf? Since the last update they did not work when they were saved by a Choppa. I even tried to throw 2
"@ benniteGame were you guys nervous about the crash
"@FortniteGame did you guys nerf the crash pads also? Since the last update they haven’t worked when bailing from your boat. I’ve even tried throwing one
"Like @FortniteGame did when you let guys nerf into the crash pads also? Since the last update they haven about ’ t worked when bailing from during a choppa. I just ’ 1 ve even tried like throwing 2
"@FortniteGame did you guys nerf the crash pads also? By I last update they haven’t reacted when throwing or a choppa. I’ve even been throwing 2
only in fortnite can there be a tournament for over a million dollars and multiple people can't play half of their games due to a loading screen bug and are losing a lot of money and potentially qualifying to the next round LMFAO
"Only in a fortnight can there be a tournament for over a million dollars and several players cannot play half of their games due to a screen loading error
"Only two days can have a tournament with more than a million dollars
only in fortnite can there be a tournament for over a million dollars wherein multiple people can't use half of their level due to a loading screen bug and are losing a lot of money and potentially qualifying to the final round LMFAO
If only in fortnite can there be always a tournament for over all a million dollars if and multiple people can't actually play half of their games due to a loading screen player bug and are already losing a lot of of money and potentially qualifying to the possible next ranking round LMFAO
only in fortnite can always be a tournament about over a million dollars but if people can't play half of their games due to a loading screen bug and are losing a lot of resources with potentially qualifying to go next round LMFAO
This is unbelievable @Apple @FortniteGame @EpicGames
This is incredible @ Apple @ FortniteGame @ EpicGames
It's @ Apple @ NiteGame @ EpicGames
This is unbelievable @Apple x @FortniteGame
This match is equally unbelievable @Apple @FortniteGame SV @EpicGames
This was unbelievable YOU @Apple @FortniteGame
Literally every company ever. I think I just need to start supporting every scummy company because there’s no good side to a company k.
Literally every business ever. I think I just have to start supporting every shabby business because there's no good side to a business.
Literally every company ever. I think I just need to start supporting every dirty company because there's no good side to k.
Literally every company ever. Critics think politicians just need to start supporting every scummy company because there’s no bright side to a company k.
Literally every new company boss ever. Now I think I just need to start supporting about every scummy company because there ’ s being no good side to a struggling company k.
Literally every company ever. I<unk> families just need to start supporting every scummy company because there’s no good alternative to fucking 19 k.
I don’t understand Fortnite... Pro cant do normal things in the game & Casual  players complain that there isn’t enough new stuff and more randomness??? That makes no sense
I don't understand Fortnite... Pro can't do normal things in the game & casual players complain that there's not enough new stuff and more randomness??? That doesn't make sense
I don't understand Oite... Pro cant do normal things in the game & casual players complain that there is not enough new stuff and more randomness??? That is no sense
I don’t understand HOW Riot Games do normal things in the game & Casual  players complain if there isn’t enough new stuff and more randomness??? That makes no sense
I simply don ’ t understand Mr Fortnite... for Pro cant do normal things as in the game & Casual players complain that there sometimes isn don ’ t enough new stuff and... more randomness??? That game makes absolutely no sense
I don’t understand Fortnite... Pro cant fix normal things in the game & old players complain that there are enough new information and more randomness??? IT makes no good
@FortniteGame epic pls release another new legendary skin
@ FortniteGame epic pls release another new legendary skin
@ GenniteGame epic pls releases another legendary new skin
@FortniteGame epic pls release another new legendary record
@FortniteGame epic 18 pls and release another new legendary skin
@FortniteGame epic pls out another new legendary skin
"Competitive Fortnite players didn’t ruin the game
"Competitive Fortnite players have not ruined the game
"Competitive high-profile players did not spoil the game
"Competitive Fortnite players didn’t ruin the game
"If Competitive of Fortnite as players didn are ’ t just ruin the game
"Competitive Fortnite players didn’t ruin the game
Looking at pc specs: yeah this will run fortnite at 60 FPS!!!. . BITCH I DONT CARE FOR OR PLAY FORTNITE
"Considering the PC specifications: yes
"Looking at the PC specifications: ""ah
Looking at official specs: yeah this will run fortnite at 60 FPS!!!.. BITCH I DONT CARE OF OR NEED FORTNITE
Looking up at our pc file specs : yeah or this will run fortnite times at 60 FPS!!!.. BITCH I DONT YOU CARE THE FOR OR I PLAY FORTNITE
Looking through pc specs: yeah this CAN run fortnite and 60 x.. BITCH AND DONT CARE DO OR PLAY FORTNITE
Who the fuck let blade into Fortnite
Who the hell sneaked into Fortnite?
Whom the fuck let in the fight
Who the fuck let herself into Fortnite
16 Who the fuck let blade into Fortnite
Who the fuck let blade into my
"Just don't know why @FortniteGame doesnt seem to care about asia servers the most.They care for every single server region yet not asia.Ppl from south east asia are having such bad ping
"I just don't know why @ FortniteGame doesn't seem to care so much about Asian servers. They take care of every single server region but not Asia. Ppl from Southeast Asia has such bad ping
"I just don't know why @ benniteGame doesn't seem to care about servers the most. They care about every single server region
"Just doesnt know why @FortniteGame doesnt expect to care about asia servers thats most.They care of every single SEA region yet not asia.Ppl from south east asia are having such bad ping
"Just don't know why @FortniteGame doesnt have seem to ever care less about asia servers the exact most. Maybe They care for every single known server region yet not asia. Ppl from south east asia are having such bad ping
"Just don't know why @FortniteGame doesnt seem like talk about asia servers the most.They care for every single server and yet only asia.Ppl from south east USA are having such bad ping
Fortnite needs to nerf smgs they are so fucking broken
Fortnite must annoy nerf smgs they are so damn broken
It needs to be nerve-wracking they are so fucking broken
Fortnite needs to nerf smgs they are basically fucking broken
Fortnite Records needs shit to nerf smgs they are so fucking well broken
Fortnite needs her nerf smgs they looked so fucking broken
I really loved the old map. Wish we could get it back
I really loved the old map. I wish we could get it back.
I really loved the old map. Wish we could get it back
I really loved the old shirt. Wish we could get it back
Damn I really loved the great old map. Wish we could get it back
I really loved the old map. Wish someone could get it back
@FortniteGame we need to fix these crashes our game is crashing on pc and saying application has hung wtf is going on!!
@ FortniteGame we need to fix these crashes our game crashes on PC and says application has hung wtf is underway!!
@ benniteGame we need to fix these crashes our game is crazy on PC and say app hung wtf continues!!
@FortniteGame we need help fix these crashes our game is crashing my pc and saying application has hung wtf is going on!!
@FortniteGame then we need to fast fix these crashes as our damn game is crashing on pc and saying application has got hung wtf it is going on!!
@FortniteGame we need of fix these troubles because game is crashing on pc and some application has hung wtf is going on!!
bro fuck the bots in fortnite this game is so shit
bro fuck the bots in Fortnite This game is so shit
bro fuck the bots in fortnite this game is so shit
bro fuck the bots in fortnite this game is so stupid
bro fuck with the bots but in fortnite this game is just so shit
bro<unk> the bots in fortnite this game up so shit
Fuck fortnite @FallGuysGame hope u put fall guys on mobile
Fuck fortnite @ FallGuysGame hope u put fall guys on mobile
Fuck fortnite @ FallGuysGame hope u put fall guys on mobile
Fuck fortnite and hope u put fall guys on mobile
Fuck fortnite u @FallGuysGame hope up u put fall guys on dem mobile
Fuck fortnite @FallGuysGame hope u guys fall guys into mobile
 
It is not the first time that the EU Commission has taken such a step.
"At the same time



this is a adding Cozy chomps was the worst thing that fortnite ever do
This is adding cozy chomps was the worst thing Fortnite has ever done
this is a adding Cozy chomps was the worst thing that fortnite ever do
this is a adding Cozy chomps was the worst thing some fortnite ever do
this is a adding Cozy Lee chomps was the worst thing that a fortnite ever could do
this is a kid Cozy chomps was the worst word that I ever do
I quit

I quit
I Edit
Then I quit
I think
@FortniteGame You might as well unban @liljarviss since ALL OF YOUR FRICKING AI'S BOTS HAVE AIMBOT
@ FortniteGame You might as well unban @ liljarviss since ALL YOUR FRICKING AI'S BOTS HAVE AIMBOT
@ liljarviss since he started playing AI's BOS HAVE AIMBOT
@FortniteGame You might as soon unban @liljarviss since ALL OF YOUR FRICKING AI'S BOTS HAVE MORE
@FortniteGame You might as well unban on @liljarviss anything since THE ALL AN OF YOUR FRICKING THE AI'S S BOTS HAVE an AIMBOT
If You do as as unban @FortniteGame since ALL THAT YOUR FRICKING AI'S BOTS HAVE DO
EPIC NEEDS TO FIX THIS ASAP @EpicGames @FortniteStatus  @FortniteGame pic.twitter.com/rG20GVkUgM
EPIC MUST TREATMENT THIS ASAP @ EpicGames @ FortniteGame pic.twitter.com / rG20GVkUgM
THIS ASAP @ EpicGames @ EpicGames @ EpicGames / rG20GVkUgM
EPIC NEEDS TO FIX THIS ASAP RhandlerR RhandlerR  RhandlerR pic.twitter.com/rG20GVkUgM
TV EPIC NEEDS TO FIX THIS ASAP RhandlerR RhandlerR  RhandlerR pic.twitter.com/rG20GVkUgM
they
I hate fortnite sweats
I hate fortnightly sweats
I Hate Two-Year Sweats
I stra fortnite sweats
I hate fortnite and sweats
I hate fortnite so
People still give a shit about fortnite lol
People still do a shit on Fortnite lol
People still give a shit about fortnite lol
People never give a shit about fortnite lol
People still do give them a shit about fortnite lol
People actually give a shit about fortnite lol
@FortniteGame fortnite take out the lightsabers it’s been past the movie they are so annoying you guys fucking suck
"@ FortniteGame fortnite take the lightsabers it is past the movie
@ benniteGame fortnite take out the lightsabers it's been past the movie they are so annoying you guys fucking suck
@FortniteGame fortnite take out the lightsabers it’s been past seven movie they were so annoying you guys fucking suck
@FortniteGame fortnite take out the lightsabers it is ’ s still been past on the third movie they are so annoying you guys fucking should suck
@FortniteGame fortnite take out the dogs for even past the night they are so annoying you guys fucking suck
"Friend of mine has literally been waiting for an hour like
"Friend of mine has literally waited an hour
"My friend waited literally an hour like
"Friend of mine has literally been waiting for an hour like
"Friend one of mine has literally been waiting for an hour like
"Friend of mine has just been waiting for an hour like
new fortnite season is dog shit .
The new fortnightly season is dog crap.
The new two-week season is dog shit.
new fortnite season is dog days.
new fortnite season is dog that shit.
new fortnite season is dog year.
Wtf are u doing @FortniteGame u dindt even reset wtf??
Wtf are u doing @ FortniteGame u dindt even reset wtf??
Wtf are u doing @ benniteGame u dindt even reset wtf??
Wtf is u doing @FortniteGame u dindt even reset wtf??
A Wtf are u ever doing at @FortniteGame u dindt even reset at wtf??
Wtf are u to after u dindt even think wtf??
fortnite comp is a joke we are not allowed to jump? what if we trying to dodge freaking snipes ...
Fortnite comp is a joke we are not allowed to jump? what if we try to avoid freaking snippets...
Fortnite comp is a joke we are not allowed to jump? what if we trying to dodge fracking snipes...
fortnite comp is a joke & are not allowed to leave? what if we trying to dodge freaking snipes...
fortnite comp... is a joke so we are not allowed again to jump? what if we die trying not to dodge freaking snipes...
the comp and some joke we are being allowed to jump? what if we trying to dodge freaking snipes...
Why does my game keep crashing in pubs so much bs keep getting this error @FortniteGame pic.twitter.com/SBHd3Zz9FP
Why does my game crash so often in pubs? @ FortniteGame pic.twitter.com / SBHd3Zz9FP
Why is my game cracking so hard at the seams that I keep getting this error @ bbniteGame pic.fm / SBHd3Zz9FP
Why does my game keep crashing in pubs so much bs keep getting this error RhandlerR pic.twitter.com/SBHd3Zz9FP
the Why does my game keep crashing in pubs so much bs keep getting this error RhandlerR pic.twitter.com/SBHd3Zz9FP
on
@FortniteGame pls fix the glider glitch just got been because of it like come on
@ FortniteGame pls fix the glider glitch was just coming on because of her like
@ HanniteGame pls fix glider just named Come on because of it
@FortniteGame pls fix this glider glitch just got been because of it like come on
With @FortniteGame pls fix the glider glitch is just got been because of where it like this come on
@FortniteGame pls fix the glider glitch just been been because of it really going on
This skin didn’t age well... @LocalPolarBear
This skin didn't age well... @ LocalPolarBear
This skin has aged badly... @ LocalPolarBear
This skin muscles age well... @LocalPolarBear
This skin didn ’ t even age well... James @LocalPolarBear
This skin cannot travel well... @LocalPolarBear
Im sad on mobile u must update fortnite 2 times pic.twitter.com/sQzRpUCyBs
Im sad on mobile u needs to update fourteen times pic.twitter.com / sQzRpUCyBs
Precipitous on mobile u must update fartnite 2 times pic.wikipedia.org / sQzRpUCyB
Im sad on mobile u must update fortnite 2 times pic.twitter.com/sQzRpUCyBs
the Im sad on mobile u must update fortnite 2 times pic.twitter.com/sQzRpUCyBs
you
So apparently if you hit it doesn't show you meters sooooooo we gone have to estimate now boys Please Fix @FortniteGame and your game is perfect
"So when you hit it doesn't show you any metres sooooooo we need to appreciate now
"So apparently if you get caught
So apparently if you hit it doesn't show you meters sooooooo we gone have an estimate now boys Please stay @FortniteGame and your life is perfect
Then So apparently it if you get hit it doesn'll t show you meters sooooooo far we gone have trouble to estimate now boys Please Fix @FortniteGame and your game quality is perfect
So apparently if you think it won't show you meters sooooooo we both have to estimate now or Please Fix @FortniteGame and your game will perfect
Just switched from @FortniteGame to @MWModernWarfare bc epic has no clue what they are doing
Just switched from @ FortniteGame to @ MWModernWarfare bc has no idea what they're doing
Just switched from @ benniteGame to @ MWModernWarfare bc epic has nothing to do with what they do
Just switched from @FortniteGame to @MWModernWarfare bc epic has fucking clue what they are doing
Just about switched from @FortniteGame to @MWModernWarfare bc epic has got no clue on what they now are doing
Just switched an @FortniteGame as @MWModernWarfare bc epic has no clue such they are doing
Fortnite on console is ASS
Fortnite on the console is ASS
On the console stands the ACC
Fortnite 64 console is ASS
Fortnite on console which is ASS
Fortnite on console without ASS
I hate the ghosts in fortnite
I hate the ghosts in a fortnight
I hate ghosts at the age of two
I hate the ghosts around fortnite
« I hate the ghosts in fortnite
I hate the ghosts of fortnite
"I was looking forward to the fortnite update announcement today but instead I got damn AJR hot sauce
"I was looking forward to the fortnightly update announcement today
"I was looking forward to announcing a two-week update today
"I was looking forward to the fortnite update announcement today but instead I got damn AJR hot sauce
"Radio I was looking forward to the fortnite update announcement today but instead I got damn AJR hot sauce
or
@FortniteGame Making the storm water was the most retarded thing anyone could come up with. Smfh it’s like y’all wanna ruin ur own game 🤦‍. 
"@ FortniteGame The production of rainwater was the most delayed thing you could think of. Smfh
@ FenniteGame The creation of storm water was the most belated thing anyone could come up with.
@FortniteGame Making the storm water was the most retarded thing anyone ever come up with. Smfh it’s cause y’all wanna ruin mah own game right.
@FortniteGame Making the game storm water was the most severely retarded computer thing anyone could likely come up with. Smfh it ’ not s like y and ’ all wanna c ruin ur own game... [UNK].
@FortniteGame Making the team tonight was the most retarded crap anyone had come up with. Smfh its like y’all wanna ruin ur own soul <unk>.
Fortnite really copyed the superior battle royale
Fortnite has really copied the superior Battle Royale
Kenneth has indeed copied the great battle of the grand piano
Fortnite really copyed the superior battle style
Fortnite really copyed the superior French battle honours royale
Fortnite really copyed the superior battle technology
@FortniteGame You actually ruined the game for me and so many else with the aim assist nerf. And we don’t even have scope sens.. you have to fix it or you will lose so many players
@ FortniteGame You have actually ruined the game for me and so many others with the goal of helping Nerf. And we don't even have room for manoeuvre sens.. You have to fix it or you will lose so many players
@ benniteGame You have actually ruined the game for me and many others to help the nerves. And we don't even have the capacity to do that.. you have to fix it or you will lose so many players.
@FortniteGame You completely ruined the game for me and so many else with the aim is nerf. Because we don’t even have scope sens.. you have to fix it or you will lose way many players
J @FortniteGame You actually you ruined the basic game for only me and so many else with the simple aim the assist nerf. And we don ’ t even have scope sens.. you have to to just fix it or you will soon lose so many players
this You actually ruined the video for me and so many else without the aim assist nerf. And we never even have scope sens.. you have to disable it or you can lose very many players
"Fortnite servers are really bad today/tonight. Been having lots of duo/squad load issues
"Fortnite servers are really bad today / today. Problems with double / squad usage and problems with dating... I have not seen anything from Epic or Fortnite
"I haven't seen anything from Epic or Fennite
"Fortnite servers were really bad today/tonight. Been having lots of hero/squad load issues
"Our Fortnite servers are really very bad today / like tonight. Been hard having lots of duo / squad load issues
"Fortnite servers are really bad today/tonight. Been having lot of duo/squad<unk> issues
"Fortnite is bullying me
"Fortnite bullies me
"He's bullying me
"Fortnite is bullying me
"2009 Fortnite is bullying me
I
Dam Fortnite y’all got fucking  avengers in this bitch pic.twitter.com/rwGpY2FO9F
Dam Fortnite y'all got fucking avengers in this bitch pic.twitter.com / rwGpY2FO9F
Dam Cenite y'all got fucking avengers in this bitch pic.wikipedia.org / rwGpY2FO9F
Dam Fortnite y’all got fucking  avengers in this bitch pic.twitter.com/rwGpY2FO9F
C Dam Fortnite y’all got fucking  avengers in this bitch pic.twitter.com/rwGpY2FO9F
out
@fortnite must have forgot about console when the new update came out. I have been losing lots of 1v1 due to the fact of delay and the new console editing system. Like this post if you think @fortnite forgot about console (console players)
@ fortnite must have forgotten the console when the new update came out. I have lost many 1v1 due to the fact of the delay and the new console editing system. Just like this post if you think @ fortnite forgot the console (console player).
@ fortnite must have forgotten about console when the new update came out. I have been lots of 1v1 due to the fact of delay and the new console editing system. Like this post if you think @ fortnite forgot about console (console players)
@fortnite should have forgot about console when the new update came out. I have stopped losing lots of 1v1 due to the fact of delay with the new menu editing system. Like this post Make you think @fortnite forgot about console (console players)
@fortnite then must have just forgot about console when the new consoles update announcement came you out. I also have been losing lots of 1v1 due to the fact of delay and the a new console editing system. Like this blog post if you think @fortnite had forgot about of console ( console players )
@fortnite must have forgotten about console until the new update came here. I have been losing lots of patience relationship to the fact of delay and the new audio audio system. Like last post if you think @fortnite forgot about console (console players)
Stupid.
Stupid.
Silly.
Stupid.
You Stupid.
Stupid.
Wtf is this fortnite bullshit
Wtf is this fortnightly bullshit
Wtf is this fortnite bullshit
Wtf brings this fortnite bullshit
Wtf is this fortnite for bullshit
Wtf is this fortnite next
"ift.tt/2HYjBNt ift.tt/3a3cM9k What the heck have they done to the purple glow on the skull trooper? This is why don't like fortnite
"ift.tt / 2HYjBNt ift.tt / 3a3cM9k What the hell have they done to the purple glow on the skull troops? That's why they don't like Fortnite
"i.tt / 2HYjBNt i.tt / 3a3cM9k What did they do with the purple glow on the paratrooper's skull? That's why they don't like fortnite
"ift.tt/2HYjBNt<unk>.tt/3a3cM9k What the heck got they done to the purple glow on the skull trooper? This accounts for bugs like fortnite
"ift. tt / 2HYjBNt ift. tt / 3a3cM9k What the heck have got they done just to dim the little purple glow on the little skull control trooper? This is why don't like fortnite
"ift.tt/2HYjBNt ift.tt/3a3cM9k how the heck<unk> he done to the purple glow on that blue trooper? This alien creatures don't like monsters
Fortnite is running like ass.. fps drops everywhere wtf?
Fortnite runs like donkey. fps falls everywhere wtf?
Bennett runs like an ass.. fps everywhere wtf?
Fortnite is loading like ass.. fps drops everywhere wtf?
And Fortnite town is still running like ass.. fps drops everywhere wtf?
Fortnite is running like mad.. and drops everywhere wtf?
"my fortnite challenges are so ugly
My fortnightly challenges are so ugly sniper rifle dmg and explosive dmg I hate it here
"my twin tasks are so ugly
my fortnite challenges are so crazy sniper rifle dmg and explosive dmg i hate it here
"my fortnite challenges that are so ugly
"my fortnite challenges are so ugly
@FortniteGame this new update makes everyone lag plz fix  
@ FortniteGame This new update leaves all plz fix lagging
@ GenniteGame this new update makes everyone think about fixing
@FortniteGame this new update makes everyone lag plz w
Behind @FortniteGame this new training update makes nearly everyone lag plz fix
much this new update makes my lag plz fix
i’m bad at video games we have to celebrate every vr :(
i am bad at video games that we have to celebrate every year vr: (
i'm bad at video games we have to celebrate every vr: (
i’m new at video games we have to celebrate every vr :(
i ’ A m bad at video games we really have to take celebrate every vr : (
i’m bad at video games we got to celebrate every race :(
This is literally stupid a company that’s worth’s billions being petty because another company wants their share from your game being on their App Store. 🤦‍. 
That's literally dumb from a company worth billions to be petty because another company wants their share of your game on the App Store.
It's literally a stupid company that's worth billions being small because another company wants their share of your game to be in their App Store.
This is literally stupid a company that’s worth’s billions being petty because your company wants more share from your game being in their App Store. 🤦‍.
This is literally stupid and a company that company ’ s worth ’ s billions being petty because that another company wants their share removed from your game being on their App Network Store. Like [UNK].
This is literally stupid a company that’s worth’s billions being petty because another user wants their complaints about that not being on their App Store. <unk>.
@EpicGames @FortniteGame @CheaterSplat FUCK FORTNITE BRO IM DONE
@ EpicGames @ FortniteGame @ CheaterSplat FUCK FORTNITE BRO IM DONE
@ EpicGames @ CheaterSplat FUCK FORTNITE BRO DONE
@EpicGames @FortniteGame F FUCK FORTNITE BRO IM DONE
@EpicGames @FortniteGame IT @CheaterSplat FUCK IN FORTNITE TO BRO YOU IM AN DONE
I @EpicGames @FortniteGame PRO FORTNITE BRO IM SP
Ur game sucks @fortnitegame pic.twitter.com/0ZV0QgxRoy
Ur game sucks @ fortnitegame pic.twitter.com / 0ZV0QgxRoy
Ur game sucks @ fortnitegame pic.com / 0ZV0QgxRoy
Ur game sucks RhandlerR pic.twitter.com/0ZV0QgxRoy
and Ur game sucks RhandlerR pic.twitter.com/0ZV0QgxRoy
What
b bu but fortnite is dead
"b bu
b bu but fortnite is dead
b bu but fortnite i dead
b no bu but fortnite is dead
b bu but someone is dead
Ok the storm was ok fortnite but now it fucking suck fix it now @FortniteGame
Ok the storm was ok a fortnight ago but now it's damn sucking fix it now @ FortniteGame
Ok the storm was ok fortnite but now it fucking suck fix it now @ niteGame
Ok the storm caused ok fortnite but now it fucking suck fix it now @FortniteGame
So Ok the storm what was ok fortnite but now it fucking just suck fix it even now @FortniteGame
Ok the storm was ok fortnite but now is fucking suck<unk> it now fast
I don’t know if I should feel offended by this.
I don't know if I should feel offended by it.
I don't know if I should feel cheated about it.
I don’t know if I necessarily feel offended by this.
I don ’ t know if I should even feel offended by hearing this.
I don’t know if they should feel offended by this.
@FortniteGame fuck this game number 1.its trash the weapons are trash and Tim Sweeney is trash just like his mom
@ FortniteGame fuck this game number 1.its trash the weapons are trash and Tim Sweeney is trash just like his mom
@ FenniteGame fuck this game number 1.its weapons thrash and Tim Sweeney thrash just like his mom
@FortniteGame fuck ups game number 1.its trash black weapons are trash and Tim Sweeney is trash just like his mom
@FortniteGame fuck this game number to 1. its trash the real weapons are really trash and Tim Sweeney is really trash just being like his mom
@FortniteGame fuck up game number 1.its main power weapons are trash and Tim Sweeney is trash just like super mom
FORTNITE . 
FORTNITE.
FORTNITE.
FORTNITE 5
THE FORTNITE.
<unk>.
This why fortnite sucks
That's why Fortnite sucks
Here's why fortnite sucks
This fucking fortnite sucks
This is why fortnite sucks
get why fortnite sucks
i was playin fortnite creative fill rn an out of nowhere it kicked me out then sed i dont have permison to play fortnite @FortniteGame what the fuck
I played fortnite creatively fill rn out of nowhere it threw me then sed I have no permission to play fortnite @ FortniteGame what the hell
i was playin fortnite creative fill an out of nowhere it knighted me out then sed i dont have permission to play fortnite @ niteGame what the fuck
i was playin fortnite creative fill rn out out of house it kicked me out then sed rum dont have permison to play fortnite @FortniteGame what the fuck
i was playin fortnite M creative fill here rn an here out of nowhere it kicked fucking me out then sed though i dont even have permison to play fortnite @FortniteGame and what the fucking fuck
i tried playin fortnite creative fill rn an out of nowhere it kicked me out then sed i dont have permison to use fortnite @FortniteGame for good deal
@EpicGamesTR @EpicGamesBackup fortnite is dog shit it’s past to and servers are down pic.twitter.com/byY6PqaYe6
@ EpicGamesTR @ EpicGamesBackup fortnite is dog shit it it's past to and servers are down pic.twitter.com / byY6PqaYe6
@ EpicGamesTR @ EpicGamesBackup fortnite is dog shit's past to and servers are down pic.su / byY6PqaYe6
RhandlerR RhandlerR fortnite is dog shit it’s past to and servers are down pic.twitter.com/byY6PqaYe6
V RhandlerR RhandlerR fortnite is dog shit it’s past to and servers are down pic.twitter.com/byY6PqaYe6
We
NOT FREE TO USE !!!! Recent work  
NOT FREE!!!!
NOT FREE TO USE!!!! Recent work
NOT HERE TO USE!!!! Recent work
NOT FREE TO ONE USE!!!!... Recent work
<unk> FREE TO USE!!!! Recent work
I can’t get in fix plz fortnite
I can not fix in plz fortnite
I can't get in fix plz fortnite
I<unk> get in fix plz fortnite
I can ’ t always get in fix plz... fortnite
I can’t get in every plz that
@FortniteGame I need help with this. I have done the recommended steps people have posted on YT. I had no problem playing on PC until Sunday night! The pc is not the issue this is a  
I did the recommended steps that people posted on YT. I had no problem playing on the PC until Sunday night!
@ FenniteGame I need help with this. I have done the recommended steps people have posted on YT. I had no problem playing on PC until Sunday night! The pc is not the issue this is a
@FortniteGame I need help with this. I have done the recommended mod people have said on YT. I had no problem playing on PC until Sunday morning! The pc is not the only this is a
@FortniteGame... I need help with this. And I have also done the recommended steps various people have posted on website YT. I so had really no problem playing on PC until Sunday night! The pc is not really the issue this is a
@FortniteGame I need help with this. I have done the recommended steps people have posted on YT. I expect no problem working on this late Thursday evening! The pc is not the issue this is a
@FortniteGame fix your game the servers are so bad rn.....
@ FortniteGame repair your game the servers are so bad rn.....
@ benniteGame fix their game servers are so bad.....
@FortniteGame fix your game the prices are so bad rn.....
@FortniteGame fix your own game the video servers are so much bad rn.....
@FortniteGame fix your game these servers are so badly rn.....
@FortniteGame  YOU ARE GONNA HAVE TO DO SOMETHING ABOUT AIM BOT. ANONYMOUS PLAYERS SHOULD HAVE NAMES!!!!!!  Aim bot is ruining the game!
@ FortniteGame YOU ARE GONNA MUST DO SOME ABOUT AIM BOT. ANONYMOUS PLAYERS SHOULD HAVE NAME!!!!!! Aim bot ruined the game!
@ FenniteGame YOU ARE GONE HAVE TO DO SOMETHING ABOT. ANONYMOUS PLAYERS SHOULD HAVE NAMES!!!!!! Aim bot is ruining the game!
@FortniteGame  YOU ALL GONNA HAVE TO NAME SOMETHING NE AIM BOT. ANONYMOUS PLAYERS SHOULD HAVE NAMES!!!!!!  Apparently bot is ruining the game!
@FortniteGame YOU ARE THE GONNA ME HAVE TO DO SOMETHING And ABOUT AIM BOT. ANONYMOUS IS PLAYERS LA SHOULD HAVE YOU NAMES!!!!!! Aim bot and is already ruining half the board game!
@FortniteGame YOU ARE A BE TO UN SOMETHING ABOUT TO BOT. HERE PLAYERS SHOULD NOT NAMES!!!!!! Aim bot shit ruining fucking game!
stfu lol
stfu lol
stfalllol
stfu<unk>
2 stfu lol
stfu lol
i'm thinking to quit fortnite. 
I'm thinking of quitting fortnightly.
i'm thinking to quit fortnite.
i'm thinking to rest fortnite.
i'h m thinking whether to quit fortnite.
i'm thinking you quit fortnite.
That sucks tbh

That sucks tbh
That sucked tbh
The That sucks tbh
still sucks tbh
Fortnite has these bots that make the game unplayed lmfao literally unplayable because of course you land with just an axe and before you can loot a bot with weapons already on the ground just shoots you before you can even arm yourself lmfao Fortnite right now is a waste of data https://t.co/MmErZUIZyl
"Fortnite has these bots that make the game lmfao literally unplayable
"We have these bots that make the unplayed lmfao game literally unplayable
Fortnite has these bots that make any game unplayed lmfao literally unplayable because of course you land against just an axe and before you can loot a bot with kills already on the ground just shoots you before you can even heal yourself then Fortnite for now is a waste of data https://t.co/MmErZUIZyl]
Fortnite has these bots that make the game unplayed lmfao literally unplayable now because they of course you land with just an axe and then before you can loot home a third bot with weapons already on the ground just shoots until you just before you can even arm yourself The lmfao Fortnite... right now is purely a waste of data https://t.co/MmErZUIZyl ]
Fortnite all these bots that make the game unplayed lmfao their unplayable run of course and land with up his axe and before you can loot a bot with one already on the ground just shoots you not they can even arm him lmfao Fortnite right now is a waste of data https://t.co/MmErZUIZyl]
"Not that long ago that Fortnite ran well on an iPhone 6
"Not so long ago
"Now iOS is gone
"Not that long ago that Fortnite ran free on an iPhone 6
"Not that long ago remember that Fortnite ran well on an iPhone Sense 6
"Not too long now that Fortnite works well on an iPhone 2
fuck fortnite (yes i rage quit)
"fuck fortnite (yes
fuck fortnite (yes i rage quit)
fuck off (yes i rage quit)
fuck fortnite ( I yes and i rage quit )
fuck fortnite (yes i rage now)
"anyways ignore my fortnite tweets
"Anyway
"Anyways ignore my fortnite tweets
anyways ignore my fortnite because im annoyed.
"But anyways ignore my fortnite finger tweets
"anyways but my fortnite here
I can't tell if that's spider man or dead pool because of the fucking colors and eyes
I can't tell if it's spider man or dead pool because of the damn colours and eyes
I can't tell if that's spider man or dead pool because of the fucking colors and eyes
I can't tell if that's dead man or dead pool because of the fucking colors and eyes
I can't t yet tell if that's s spider man candy or dead pool because of the fucking colors and eyes
I can't count if this's spider man or dead pool because everything the fucking colors and eyes
@FortniteGame Updated to 14.30v patch and still inventory swaps in teamrumble after every respawn. Do we have to wait for one more update to fix this problem?  
@ FortniteGame updated to 14.30v patch and still changing inventory in team rumble after each respawn. Do we need to wait for another update to fix this issue?
@ benniteGame Update to 14.30v patch and still inventory swaps in the team building after every spin. Should we wait for another update to fix this problem?
@FortniteGame Updated to 14.30v patch and still inventory swaps in teamrumble after every mission. Do we have ta wait for one more update to fix every problem?
@FortniteGame Updated to 14. 30v next patch and still inventory items swaps in teamrumble after hitting every heavy respawn. Do we have room to wait there for another one more update to actually fix this problem?
@FortniteGame has its 14.30v patch and still inventory swaps at teamrumble after every respawn. Do it have to wait for another more update to fix this problem?
Fortnite is shit.
Fortnite is shit.
Oite is shit.
Fortnite or shit.
Fortnite is cold shit.
Fortnite Horse shit.
So tired of hearing about fortnite & Roblox . 
So tired of hearing about Fortnite & Roblox.
So tired of hearing about fortnite & Roblox.
So tired of hearing about fortnite & Roblox<unk>
So tired not of hearing more about fortnite & Roblox.
So much of hearing about Simon & Roblox.
Epic I need help my Xbox comes up with failed to write necessary files when I’m loading up Fortnite I need help
Epic I need help my Xbox is up with failed to write necessary files when I'm loading up Fortnite I need help
"Epic I need help My Xbox comes up with failed to write the necessary files when I upload
Epic I need help my Xbox comes up with failed to write necessary messages when I’m loading up Fortnite I need you
Epic I probably need special help my Xbox comes up with failed to write necessary files when I ’ m back loading up Fortnite I sure need general help
Epic to need help my Xbox comes up with failed to write any files while I’m loading up Fortnite I need help
Why would this fortnite college season be duos but trios in game that just doesn't make sense start making fake duo FNCS posts not trios :(
"Why should this fortnightly college season consist of duos
"Why not in this two-year college season
Why would this fortnite college season have duos but trios in game that just doesn't work or start making fake duo FNCS posts not trios :(
Why would this fortnite college hockey season be for duos nothing but trios in game that just not doesn'T t make most sense start making fake a duo FNCS posts not trios : (
Why would this new college season be duos is trios in reasons that just doesn't make sense start my fake duo FNCS posts are trios :(
If I wanted to change the email I couldn't because I can't get in to the account to change it. Please anyone I need help with this @FortniteGame @FortniteStatus @DonaldMustard
"If I wanted to change the email
Please anyone I need help with this @ benniteGame @ benniteStatus @ DonaldMustard
If I wanted to change the character I couldn't because I can't get in over the account to change that. Please anyone I need help with this @FortniteGame @FortniteStatus @DonaldMustard
Thanks If I wanted to change all the email I couldn't just because I can't get in time to the account to change it. Thanks Please anyone I need To help you with this @FortniteGame Please @FortniteStatus @DonaldMustard
If I wanted a change the email I couldn't I now can't get access to the site to change it. Please anyone I need helps with this @FortniteGame @FortniteStatus @DonaldMustard
i'm sick an tired of fortnite doing collabs based off your mom because it is getting to the point where it's so unoriginal
I'm sick and tired of Fortnite doing collabs based on your mum because it gets to the point where it's so unoriginal
i'm sick an tired of fortnite doing colabs based off your mom because it is getting to the point where it's so unoriginal
i'm sick an tired of fortnite doing collabs based off your mom because everything starts getting to the point where it's so unoriginal
i'm feeling sick as an tired of fortnite doing collabs based off on your mom because it is getting to exactly the point where it't s so very unoriginal
i'm sick an tired of fortnite doing collabs with off hub mom because that is confusing to the point where it's so unoriginal
"@FortniteGame id rather jerk off with hot sauce at this point
@ FortniteGame id prefer to jerk me off with hot sauce at this point because it would make me feel more excited than playing this game
@ benniteGame id pretty chuffed with the hot sauce at the moment because I'd feel more excited about it than playing this game
"@FortniteGame id rather jerk off with hot chicks at this point
"@FortniteGame I id rather jerk off himself with hot sauce at this certain point
"@FortniteGame id rather jerk off with the sauce at this point
BTS is terrible Fans toxic as fuck why would fortnite to a cross over with a terrible boy band  
"BTS is terrible fans toxic as hell
"BTS - it's awful Fans are toxic as fuck
BTS is terrible Fans toxic fucking fuck why would fortnite to accidentally cross over with a terrible boy band
Like BTS is too terrible Fans Are toxic as fuck why would fortnite to a cross over with a completely terrible boy band
industry is terrible Fans toxic as fuck why would fortnite girls bother cross over with a terrible boy band
When Fortnite was fun lol
When Fortnite was fun lol
When It Was Fun Lol
When Fortnite looked fun lol
When a Fortnite was fun lol
When Fortnite was discovered lol
@FortniteGame WTF!!! pic.twitter.com/u2XL9GPd2u
@ FortniteGame WTF!!! pic.twitter.com / u2XL9GPd2u
@ benniteGame WTF!!! pic.wikipedia.org / u2XL9GPd2u
RhandlerR WTF!!! pic.twitter.com/u2XL9GPd2u
L RhandlerR WTF!!! pic.twitter.com/u2XL9GPd2u
so
"I have no words for this
"I have no words for it
"I have no words to say about it
"I have no words for this
"I have no words for this
"I have no words for this
@CallofDuty warzone coming out has made me realize how shit @FortniteGame is with the ass Bloom and the shitty SBMM. Fix the skill based and the rest is deal withable
@ CallofDuty Warzone Coming Out made me realize how shit @ FortniteGame is with the ass Bloom and the shit SBMM. Fix the skill and the rest is doable.
@ CfDuty warzone coming out has made me realized how shit @ benniteGame is with the ass Bloom and the shitty SBMM. Fix the skill based and the rest is deal impossible
@CallofDuty warzone coming out has had me realize how shit @FortniteGame is with the ass Bloom and the shitty SBMM. Fix the skill based ending the game is deal withable
@CallofDuty The warzone coming out has made me realize really how a shit @FortniteGame it is with Half the ass Bloom and the shitty things SBMM. Fix the skill tag based and the rest is go deal withable
@CallofDuty is going out has made me realize how shit @FortniteGame am with the ass Bloom and all fucking SBMM. Fix things skill based and the rest is deal withable
feels bad . .   
feels bad..
feels bad.
feels bad so.
feels too bad..
is bad..
god why won’t my lil bro shut the fuck up talking about this stupid fortnite bullshit. all he does is 1v1 people instead of actually doing the BR shit. why
"god
"god why won't my lil bro shut the fuck up talking about this stupid fortnite bullshit. all he does is 1v1 people instead of actually doing the ""shit."""
god why won’t my lil bro shut the fuck up talking about this stupid fortnite bullshit. Everyone he does is 1v1 people instead of actually doing the new shit. why
god why won run ’ t my lil bro shut the fuck people up talking about this whole stupid le fortnite bullshit. all fucking he does is 1v1 help people instead of actually them doing the BR shit. God why
god honest won’t even lil bro start the fuck up talking about this fuck fortnite bullshit. all media does is 1v1 people instead of real doing the BR shit. why
my brother got scammed on fortnite . 
My brother was cheated on fortnightly.
My brother was scared.
my brother getting scammed on fortnite.
my brother later got scammed on to fortnite.
my brother is scammed on fortnite.
When it was good . 
If it was good.
When it was good.
When it was good …
5 When it was good.
When it were good.
Fortnite being unplayable for 5 min and 2 seconds youtu.be/LHtMmhlrtR0  
Fortnite is unplayable for 5 minutes and 2 seconds youtu.be / LHtMmhlrtR0
didn't play for 5 minutes and 2 seconds youtu.be / LHtMmR0
Fortnite being unplayable for 5 min st 2 seconds youtu.be/LHtMmhlrtR0
Fortnite being with unplayable version for 5 min duration and 2 seconds are youtu. be / d LHtMmhlrtR0
Fortnite being unplayable for 15 min when 2 1/2 in.be/LHtMmhlrtR0
Fortnite is doing world premieres on tracks now? I'm fucking done
Fortnite is now making world premieres on tracks? I'm fucking done
Is Kenneth making world premieres on the tracks now?
Fortnite is doing world premieres on mobile now? I'm fucking done
Fortnite is somehow doing his world premieres on tracks ground now? I'm fucking done
Fortnite is playing world premieres on tracks now? Hell'm fucking done
going to make a TwitLonger explaining why I might quit fortnite as a whole . 
I will post a TwitLonger explaining why I might quit fortnightly as a whole.
I am going to make a statement explaining why I could leave a two-week holiday altogether.
going to launch a TwitLonger explaining why I might quit fortnite as in whole.
going to actually make me a TwitLonger by explaining why I might quit fortnite as a healthy whole.
going to make a TwitLonger into what I might quit reading as a whole.
@FortniteGame what a great game! went into creative and my entire game froze !!!! you guys are awesome pic.twitter.com/1vokYwij3E
@ FortniteGame what a great game! went into creative and my whole game frozen!!!! you guys are super pic.twitter.com / 1vokYwij3E
@ benniteGame what a great game! went creative and my whole game froze!!!! you guys are amazing pic.facebook.com / 1vokYwij3E
RhandlerR what a great game! went into creative and my entire game froze !!!! you guys are awesome pic.twitter.com/1vokYwij3E
org RhandlerR what a great game! went into creative and my entire game froze !!!! you guys are awesome pic.twitter.com/1vokYwij3E
is
What the actual heck @fortnite you clearly have enough money but you dick wds just don't learn the mistake. Thanks for ruining my weekend
What the hell is @ fortnite you clearly have enough money but you thick wds just don't learn the error. Thank you for ruining my weekend
What actually heck @ fortnite you obviously have enough money but you just won't learn the mistake. Thanks for spoiling my weekend.
What oh actual heck @fortnite you clearly have enough money but you dick wds just don't learn the mistake. Thanks for ruining my Christmas
What the life actual bloody heck @fortnite you clearly now have enough money but you dick wds just don'd t learn the whole mistake. 4 Thanks for ruining my weekend
from the actual heck and you clearly have your money but you dick wds that don't learn from mistake. Thanks for ruining my weekend
Some ruckus is going on in Fortnite right now come check it out with me twitch.tv/jonnnnnys
"A bit of turmoil is going on in Fortnite
"Something is happening in New York right now
Some ruckus is going on in Fortnite right now come check it out with me twitch.tv/jonnnnnys
The Some ruckus is going on in Fortnite right now come check it out with me twitch.tv/jonnnnnys
a
"so my fortnite client is taking too long to update
"So my fortnightly client takes too long to update
"so my two-year-old client takes too long to upgrade
"so my fortnite client is taking too long to update
"... so my fortnite client is taking too long to properly update
"so my fortnite client is way too long to update
"Hi
"Hello
"Hi
"Hi
"... Hi
"Hi
The Fortnite fighters aren’t very good at this real life thing. . . Dummies.
Fortnite fighters are not very good in real life... Dummies.
The fighters don't really understand this real life... mannequins.
The Fortnite fighters aren’t very good at this real life game. 2. Dummies.
The Fortnite family fighters aren ’ t very good performers at this real is life combat thing... Dummies.
of Fortnite fighters aren’t very successful at this real life attack... Dummies.
@FortniteGame fix your laggy fuckn game it's so bad on console you cant even switch to a gun without frame skip like fuck
@ FortniteGame fix your laggy fuckn game it is so bad on the console that you can not even switch to a gun without a frame like fuck
@ benniteGame fix your Fuckn game is so bad on the console that you can't even switch to a gun without a frame pass like fuck
@FortniteGame fix your laggy fuckn game bugs so bad on console you cant even switch into a gun without frame skip like fuck
Mike @FortniteGame fix your damn laggy shit fuckn you game how it's so freaking bad on console you cant even switch to a gun without frame skip like fuck
@FortniteGame fix your laggy fuckn f it's so bad on console<unk> cant go switch to a gun I frame skip like fuck
Ive died so many times cause of bouncers. Take them out epic @FortniteGame
Ive died so many times cause the bouncers. Take them out epic @ FortniteGame
I've died so many times because of the bounces.
Ive died so many times cause of bouncers. Take them to epic @FortniteGame
How Ive died here so good many times cause of bouncers. Take them out epic @FortniteGame
Ive died so multiple times cause of horror. Take them out epic @FortniteGame
"Hi @FortniteGame . . I get that you wont remove SBMM in pub games
"Hi @ FortniteGame... I understand that you won't remove SBMM in pub games
"Hi @ benniteGame.. I get that you won't remove SBMM in pub games
"Hi @FortniteGame.. I get that you wont remove SBMM in pub games
"and Hi on @FortniteGame.. So I get that you wont even remove any SBMM in pub commentary games
"fucking @FortniteGame.. DO get that you wont remove SBMM in other clubs
"@surface @panos_panay Mid-range specs
"@ surface @ panos _ panay Middle class specs
"@ surface @ panos _ panay Mid-range species
"RhandlerR RhandlerR Mid-range specs
"The RhandlerR RhandlerR Mid-range specs
from
"the one time i actually have time to finish all my cases
"the one time when I actually have time to complete all my cases
"For the first time when I actually have time to finish all my business
"the one time i actually have time to finish all my cases
"W the one time i actually have time to finish all my cases
what
 
It is not the first time that the EU Commission has taken such a step.
"At the same time



hey @Xbox @Microsoft the new xbox app for windows 10 feels like im in a store than actually using xbox …  companion app is much better 10000 %
hey @ Xbox @ Microsoft the new Xbox app for Windows 10 feels like in the store as if you are actually using Xbox... companion app is much better 10000%
hey @ Xbox @ Microsoft the new xbox app for windows 10 feels like im in a store than actually using xbox... companion app is much better 10000%
hey @Xbox.. s new xbox app for windows 10 feels more im in a store than actually using xbox …  companion app is much better 10000 %
hey @Xbox With @Microsoft as the new xbox desktop app for windows 10 feels like im living in a store than actually using xbox My … companion software app is of much better 10000 %
hey to @Xbox the new xbox store for under 10 feels like im in a store instead actually using xbox... new app is much better 50 %
"@TAKEALOT . Don't you think it is rather unethical to sell a device that is no longer supported by the manufacturer. Windows Phone is dead
"@ TAKEALOT. Don't you think it's pretty unethical to sell a device that's no longer supported by the manufacturer? Windows Phone is dead
"@ TAKEALOT. Don't you think it's unethical to sell a device that is no longer supported by the manufacturer? Windows Phone is dead
"@TAKEALOT. Don't you think it is rather unethical to sell defective product that is no longer available via the manufacturer. Windows Phone is dead
"@TAKEALOT. Don't but you think it also is rather unethical sometimes to sell a device that is no longer supported by the manufacturer. Windows Phone 9 is dead
"@TAKEALOT. Don't you think it becomes financially unethical or sell a device who is no longer supported by the manufacturer. A Phone is legal
@MicrosoftToDo your app sucks. Wunderlist was superior. @Microsoft thanks for nothing.
@ MicrosoftToDo sucks your app. Wunderlist was superior. @ Microsoft thank you for nothing.
@ ToDo your app sucks. The list was better. @ Microsoft thanks for nothing.
@MicrosoftToDo your app sucks. Wunderlist became superior. @Microsoft worked for nothing.
@MicrosoftToDo your own app system sucks. Wunderlist was superior. For @Microsoft i thanks for nothing.
<unk> your name sucks. Wunderlist its superior. @MicrosoftToDo thanks for nothing.
"Not even the Microsoft Store wants me to play Division 2.  I mean
"Not even the Microsoft Store wants me to play Division 2. I mean
"Even the Microsoft Store doesn't want me to play in the second division. I mean
"Not sure the Microsoft Store wants me to include Division 2.  I mean
"Not least even because the exclusive Microsoft Store wants me to play Division 2. I mean
"Not even the Microsoft Store wants me to play Trek 2. I mean
my dick is microsoft
my cock is microsoft
My Microsoft Is Microsoft
my dick is big
my dick is one microsoft
my dick on microsoft
MIXER BY MICROSOFT IS SHUTING DOWN IN FAVOR OF FACEBOOK GAMEING! LETS GOOOOOOO. pic.twitter.com/HFpKPDRRQ0
MIXER BY MICROSOFT SHUTING DOWN IN FAVOR OF FACEBOOK GAMEING! LETS GOOOOOOOO. pic.twitter.com / HFpKPDRRQ0
MIXER by MICROSOFT IS SHUTING DOWN IN VOR OF FACEBOOK GAMEING! LETS GOOOO. pic.wikipedia.com / HFpKPDRQ0
MIXER BY MICROSOFT IS SHUTING DOWN IN FAVOR OF FACEBOOK GAMEING! LETS GOOOOOOO. pic.twitter.com/HFpKPDRRQ0
UK MIXER BY MICROSOFT IS SHUTING DOWN IN FAVOR OF FACEBOOK GAMEING! LETS GOOOOOOO. pic.twitter.com/HFpKPDRRQ0
I
who's ready for microsoft to forcibly resurrect the dishonored series with no plan or direction at all except to make money and then force arkane to crunch the fuck out of themselves to get it out in 2 years?!!?!??
who is prepared for microsoft to forcibly resurrect the dishonored series without any plan or direction except to make money and then force Arcane to squeeze the shit out of itself to get it out in 2 years?!!?!???
"Who is ready for microsoft to forcibly resurrect a nasty series with no plan or direction but to make money
who's ready for microsoft to forcibly resurrect the dishonored database with no plan or direction at all except to make money and supposedly force arkane to crunch the fuck<unk> of themselves to get it back in 2 years?!!?!??
who's ready for a microsoft or to forcibly or resurrect onto the sadly dishonored series with seemingly no plan or bad direction at most all except to constantly make money and then force arkane to crunch the fuck out of themselves to get them it out in 2 years?!!?!??
who's asking that microsoft to forcibly resurrect the dishonored series with to plan in direction at all except to make money and then for arkane to crunch their hell out of themselves to get it out in 2 years?!!?!??
Wtf
Wtf
Wtf
Wtf
15 Wtf
on
Here We go : “A false rumor that the coronavirus outbreak is a plot by former Microsoft CEO Bill Gates is being spread by supporters of the pro-Trump QAnon movement and the anti-vax community.”. google.com.au/amp/s/www.buzz…
"Here we are: ""A false rumor that the Coronavirus outbreak is a plot by former Microsoft CEO Bill Gates is being spread by supporters of the pro-Trump QAnon movement and the anti-vax community."" google.com. au / amp / s / www.buzz..."
"""The false rumor that the coronavirus outbreak is a conspiracy by former Microsoft CEO Bill Gates is being spread by supporters of the pro-Trump QAnon movement and the anti-vax community."" google.com.au / amp / s / www.buzz..."
Here We go : “A swirling rumor suggesting his coronavirus outbreak is an plot by former Microsoft CEO Bill Gates is being spread by supporters in a pro-Trump QAnon movement and the anti-vax community.”. google.com.au/amp/s/www.buzz…
Here We go : “ A false rumor that the new coronavirus outbreak is really a plot by key former Microsoft Office CEO Bill Gates is being spread only by supporters of the broader pro - Trump and QAnon movement and the anti - political vax policy community. ”. google. via com. au / amp / s / www. buzz …
Here We Eat : “A false rumor that the coronavirus outbreak is planned plot by late Microsoft head Rupert Gates is being spread by supporters of the anti-Trump QAnon campaign and independent fake-vax regime.”. google.com.au/amp/s/www.buzz...
working remote using VPN.  Outlook loads.....clicks on first email.....Outlook (Not Responding).  can the COVID19 affect Microsoft products?
works remotely with VPN. Outlook loads..... clicks on the first e-mail..... Outlook (does not respond). Can COVID19 affect Microsoft products?
Outlook downloads..... clicks on the first email..... Outlook (Not Responsing). Can COVID19 affect Microsoft products?
working remote using VPN.  Outlook loads.....clicks on login email.....Outlook appears Responding).  can the election affect Microsoft products?
A working remote control using VPN. Outlook what loads..... just clicks automatically on first email..... Outlook ( Today Not Responding ). can the future COVID19 affect future Microsoft products?
working remote email Manager. Everything loads.....clicks on first email.....Outlook (Not Responding). Would the COVID19 affect my Outlook?
"Damn
"Damn
"Damn
"Damn
"A Damn
"Damn
Windows 7 dies on the 14th Jan. Microsoft is displaying warning messages. Time to upgrade your business. We can help  
Windows 7 dies on January 14th Microsoft displays alerts. Time to update your company.
Windows 7 dies on January 14 Microsoft sends out warning messages.
Windows 7 dies on the 6 Jan. Microsoft is displaying warning messages. Time ta upgrade your business. We can help
Windows 7 dies on the 14th in Jan. Microsoft is displaying some warning messages. Now Time to upgrade your software business. We can help
Player 7 dies on Tuesday 14th Jan. Microsoft is displaying warning messages. Time to upgrade your business. We want help
my microsoft office finally expired...rip for life . 
my microsoft office has finally expired... rip for life.
My office microsoft has finally ceased to exist... to be torn apart for life.
my microsoft office finally expired...rip for life Now
my microsoft office card finally had expired... rip for life.
my microsoft foundation template expired...rip for life.
"Xbox: “no good exclusives
"Xbox: ""Not good exclusives
"Xbox: ""No good exclusives
"Xbox: “no good exclusives
"Xbox : “ got no good exclusives
"by: “no good exclusives
Donald Trump DEMANDING he get cut of TikTok deal if Microsoft buys it bbc.co.uk/news/business-…
Donald Trump DEVELOPING that he will get the TikTok deal cut if Microsoft buys it bbc.co.uk / news / business-...
Donald Trump has promised to cut a deal with Tesla if Microsoft buys it bbc.co.uk / news / business-...
Donald Trump DEMANDING he get cut of TikTok deal but Microsoft stops it bbc.co.uk/news/business-…
For Donald Trump DEMANDING he get cut short of TikTok deal if Microsoft eventually buys it by bbc. co. uk uk / news / business business - …
a mogul DEMANDING he gets cut of TikTok deal if everyone buys Trump bbc.co.uk/news/business-...
What does that say about Microsoft hardware & software security - The Man gets hacked
What Does That Say About Microsoft's Hardware & Software Security - The Man Gets Hacked
What this says about Microsoft's hardware and software security - The Man get hacked
What does that say about Microsoft hardware & software now - The Man gets hacked
What really does that book say about Microsoft Software hardware & software security - The Man gets hacked
What does that say about Microsoft hardware & other product - The Man gets hacked
.  . /. . .  Can't rename private fields. .  updated issue. .  at 9:31:56 PM. github.com/microsoft/Type….  
.. /.. Cannot rename private fields.. updated edition.. at 21: 31: 56 hrs. github.com / microsoft / Type....
.. /... Can't rename private fields.. updated issue.. at 9: 31: 56 PM github.com / microsoft / Type....
. . /...  s find private fields..  updated issue. ¶  at 9:31:56 PM. github.com/microsoft/Type….
.. /... and Can'e t rename private business fields.. updated this issue.. at 9 : 09 31 : 56 am PM. by github. com / microsoft / Type report ….
.. /... hell't rename your folder.. gone on.. reached 9:31:56 pm. github.com/microsoft/Type....
"Am I completely missing something
"Am I missing something completely
"Am I missing something
"Am I completely missing something
"Am I completely missing something
"Am I completely missing something
@FedExHelp can you plz check status of awb 392610366774 of @ficci_india . They are not updating status or some shipment problem . @Microsoft it's your shipment
@ FedExHelp you can check the status of awb 392610366774 from @ ficci _ india. You are not updating the status or a shipment problem. @ Microsoft is your shipment.
@ FedExHelp can you plz check status of awb 392610366774 of @ ficci _ india. They are not updating status or some shipping problem. @ Microsoft it's your shipping
@FedExHelp can you plz check weight of awb 392610366774 of payload. They are not carrying status or some shipment problem. @ficci_india it's your command
@FedExHelp now can let you download plz check status of awb 392610366774 copy of @ficci_india. They are not updating these status either or recording some shipment problem. @Microsoft have it's on your shipment
you can easy plz check status of awb 392610366774 of @FedExHelp. We are also getting status or some customer information. @ficci_india it's your shipment
Boys microsoft sadly won the war. I didn't know Siny supported BTS. (This is a joke in case your brain dead)
I didn't know Siny supported BTS. (This is a joke in case your brain is dead.)
"The microsoft boys
Boys microsoft always won the war. I didn't know Siny supported them. (This is the joke in case your brain dead)
Boys microsoft sadly they won the bidding war. I always didn't know Siny supported BTS. ( This shit is a joke that in a case your brain dead )
are microsoft sadly won the election. I didn't know but supported you. (This is a joke in case your brain dead)
"***Don't use Windows 10 - It's a privacy nightmare***. . don't use any microsoft windows
"* * * Don't use Windows 10 - it's a privacy nightmare * * *. Don't use Microsoft windows
"* * * Don't use Windows 10 - It's a privacytools * * *.. don't use any microsoft windows
"***Don't use Windows Registry. It's a privacy trap.. don't use any microsoft windows
"* * * Don't first use Microsoft Windows Mac 10 - It's such a privacy nightmare * * *.. don'at t even use any automated microsoft windows
"***Don't trust Windows 10 - that's a privacy nightmare***.. Don't use any new windows
Dumbasses.
Dumb.
Dumbasses.
Dumbasses.
In Dumbasses.
Magazine.
"i've been using typescript for 30 minutes and i'm already caught between two different syntax forms which appear to be the only way of accomplishing what i want but both cause different error messages. . so
"I have been using typescript for 30 minutes and am already caught between two different forms of syntax
"I've been using the script for 30 minutes and I'm already stuck between two different syntax forms that seem to be the only way to get what I want
"i've been using typescript for 30 years and i'm already caught between these different syntax forms i appear might be the only way of accomplishing what i want but both cause different error messages.. so
"i've been using my typescript analysis for 30 minutes and i'm already caught in between two really different syntax forms which appear to to be the only way though of accomplishing what that i want but also both cause different error messages.. so
"i've been using typescript to 30 days and i'm completely caught between two different syntax extensions which seem and be the only way of creating what i want but both cause different error messages.. so
Microsoft Azure went down today probably why.
Microsoft Azure probably went down today because of that.
"Microsoft Azure fell today
Microsoft Azure went down today probably unsurprisingly.
That Microsoft Azure went down today probably why.
Microsoft Azure went away today probably why.
"I seriously hope Twitter doesn't go  harassing and cancelling Sakurai for allow Minecraft Steve in Smash. Just to let you all know
I sincerely hope that Twitter doesn't bother and cancel Sakurai for Minecraft Steve in Smash. Just to let you all know that the creator doesn't get a damn penny from this thing. Everything to do with Minecraft belongs to Mojang and Microsoft.
I very much hope that Twitter will not cheat and cancel Sakurai in order to let Minecraft Steve in Smash. just so you all know that the creator doesn't get a cent for it. Everything about Minecraft belongs to Mojang and Microsoft.
"I seriously hope Twitter doesn't go  harassing and cancelling Sakurai for allow Minecraft Steve in Smash. Just to let you all beware
"I seriously hope you Twitter doesn't go out harassing and cancelling Sakurai... for they allow Minecraft Steve in Smash. Just to let you all know
"I seriously hope Twitter doesn't be harassing whoever makes requests for allow Minecraft Steve in Smash. Just to let you all out
Microsoft and Mac= the worst combination.
Microsoft and Mac = the worst combination.
Microsoft and Mac = the worst combination.
Microsoft and GitHub= the worst combination.
So Microsoft and Mac = the worst combination.
Microsoft and Mac= your worst combination.
Microsoft Flight Simulator 2020 is yet another reminder that the download-only future of gaming is not necessarily a good thing. Reports of a 90GB download before you can even start the game - despite pre-loading it - are infuriating. Very sorry for Australian gamers.
Microsoft Flight Simulator 2020 is another reminder that the future of game downloading is not necessarily a good thing. Reports of a 90GB download before you can even start the game - even though you loaded it before - are annoying.
Microsoft Flight Simulator 2020 is another reminder that the future of downloadable games is not necessarily good.
Microsoft Flight Simulator 2020 is yet another statement that the download-only future of gaming is not necessarily a good thing. Revelations of a 90GB download that you can even start the game - despite pre-loading downloads - feel infuriating. Very sorry for Australian gamers.
Microsoft Flight Simulator 2020... is yet another heavy reminder that the download - only future of gaming is not necessarily quite a good known thing. Reports of a 90GB download date before you can even get start the first game - despite pre - loading it - are infuriating. Very much sorry also for Australian Macintosh gamers.
Microsoft Flight Simulator 2016 presents yet another reminder that the parents-only future of gaming Its not necessarily a good thing. Plans of nearly massive download before you can even start the game - despite pre-loading it - are infuriating. Apparently embarrassing for Australian gamers.
Are Xbox servers down ? (Or did I get hacked )  
Do Xbox servers stand still? (Or was I hacked)
Are Xbox servers down? (Or have I been hacked)
Are you servers down? (Or did I get hacked )
I Are Xbox One servers down? ( Or did I get hacked )
Are Xbox servers dead? (Or did I win hacked )
.  . /. . .  Error when property is specified more than once via a spread. .  updated PR. .  at 6:15:30 PM. github.com/microsoft/Type….  
.. /.. Error when property is specified more than once over a spread.. updated PR.. at 18: 15: 30h. github.com / microsoft / type....
.. /... Error when property is specified more than once via a spread... updated PR.. at 6: 15: 30 PM github.com / microsoft / Type....
. . /...  Error when property identifier specified more than once via CSS spread..  updated PR..  at 10:15:30 PM. youtube.com/microsoft/Type….
.. /... Error when property code is first specified more than once once again via a spread.. 01 updated PR.. at 6 : 15 : 07 30 PM PM. github. find com / microsoft / 0 Type ….
.. /... Error when property is submitted earlier than requested via one document.. at last.. at 6:15:30 PM. github.com/microsoft/Type....
Fuck yeah. thats a W
Fuck yeah. this is a W
Fuck fah. thats a W
Fuck yeah. thats ok W
Fuck yeah. thats barely a W
Fuck yeah. thats not W
@BillGates your a opp tryna play good guy we don’t need anymore ideas from you shut the fuk up . 
@ BillGates your a opp tryna play good guy we no longer need ideas from you shut up.
"@ BillGates is your good guy
@BillGates your bro opp tryna play good guy we don’t need anymore help from you shut the fuk up.
@BillGates with your a l opp tryna play good guy though we don ’ ya t need anymore ideas from whatever you shut the fuk up.
@BillGates your sick opp tryna play this like we don’t need anymore ideas from you shut the guy up.
"Ugh. An Australia ""reshaped"" by AFR and Microsoft is one I damned sure wouldn't want to live in. afr.com/policy/economy…"
"Um. An Australia that has been ""reshaped"" by AFR and Microsoft is one I damn sure didn't want to live in. afr.com / policy / economy..."
"Ugh. Australia
"Ugh. An industry ""reshaped"" by AFR and Microsoft is one Trump damned sure wouldn't want to live in. Bloomberg.com/policy/economy…"
"Like Ugh. An Australia "" reshaped "" country by AFR and Microsoft is one that I damned straight sure wouldn'm t want to live in. The afr. com / policy / economy comment …"
"a. The Australia ""reshaped"" by AFR using Microsoft AND one I damned much wouldn't want to live in. But.com/policy/economy..."
Really @Microsoft trying to force people to use Edge?? Sod that.
Really @ Microsoft is trying to force people to use Edge?
Really @ Microsoft trying to force people to use Edge?? Sod that.
Really @Microsoft trying to convince people to use Edge?? Sod that.
Really @Microsoft trying just to mentally force people not to use Edge?? Sod that.
Really @Microsoft trying out teach people to use Edge?? Sod that.
doing trauma therapy over Microsoft teams is a shit show at the absolute best of times
Trauma therapy on Microsoft teams is a shit show at the absolute best of times
doing trauma therapy over Microsoft teams is a crap show at the absolute best of times
doing trauma therapy over Microsoft teams is a shit show at the absolute hardest of times
doing trauma therapy over Microsoft teams again is a shit to show tactics at the absolute best of times
doing trauma therapy over to Xbox is a shit show at the absolute best of times
Exactly! These companies were all  posting about  . . Everyone right now is reposting videos what’s been happening. Help amplify this lawsuit as well. . . We have to do everything we can .  
"Exactly! These companies have all posted about it... Everyone is posting videos of what happened. Also
Exactly! All of these companies have posted about... Everyone is now re-publishing videos of what is happening. Help expand this lawsuit as well... We must do everything in our power.
Exactly! These companies were all  posting about .. Everyone right now is reposting videos what’s been happening. Which amplify this lawsuit as well.. But We have everyone do everything they can.
Exactly! These video companies were there all posting about.. Everyone right now is already reposting videos what ’ s been shown happening. To Help amplify this lawsuit as well... God We have got to you do everything we can.
Exactly! These companies were all posting about.. is right now was reposting videos what’s now done. Help in this lawsuit as there... We have to know everything we can.
"⁦@jimcramer⁩ Jim
"@ jimcramer Jim
"@ jimcramer Jim
"⁦@jimcramer⁩ Jim
"@jimcramer Jim
"<unk>@jimcramer<unk><unk>
I can’t cope . 
I can't cope with it.
I can't cope.
I do cope.
But I can ’ t cope.
I can’t see.
@Microsoft @PlayStation at some point in my life i gotta call it quits before i silently kill your publishers for Malicious content and Scams.. @Fallout @Bethesda @ZeniMax_Online hows this Toddler Howard.... You disable the Limb damage so we can't kill queen. . You crank up the
@ Microsoft @ PlayStation at some point in my life I need to end it before I silently kill your publishers for malicious content and scams.. @ Fallout @ Bethesda @ ZeniMax _ Online shows this toddler Howard.... you disable the limb damage so we can't kill Queen.. you crank up the
@ Microsoft @ PlayStation at some point of my life i gcall it quits before i silently kill your publishers for Malicious content and Scams.. @ Fallout @ Bethesda @ ZeniMax _ Online shows this Toddler Howard.... You disable the Limb damage so we can't kill queen...
@Microsoft @PlayStation at some point in my life i gotta call it quits before i silently kill your ass for Malicious Driving & Scams.. @Fallout @Bethesda Now hows this Toddler Howard.... You disable the Limb damage so we never kill them.. You crank up the
@Microsoft @PlayStation at some point in my life what i gotta call it quits before anyone i silently kill your publishers or for using Malicious Data content and Scams.. @Fallout if @Bethesda @ZeniMax_Online hows this from Toddler Howard.... and You disable the High Limb damage so we can't kill the queen.. You crank up the
@Microsoft Well at certain point in my life i gotta suck your quits before i gonna kill your publishers for Malicious code and spam.. @PlayStation @Fallout @Bethesda hows this Toddler hurt.... You reduce the Limb damage so we can't kill queen.. You crank on the
"Microsoft is experiencing a large-scale outage. What we  know is it involves many of its web-based apps: email
"Microsoft is experiencing a large-scale outage. What we do know is that many of its web-based applications are affected: email
"Microsoft is experiencing a massive outage that will affect many of its Web applications: mail
"Microsoft today announcing a large-scale outage. What we  know is outage involves many of Windows web-based apps: email
"Microsoft is experiencing a large - scale technology outage. What we know however is because it involves dropping many of its web - based news apps : direct email
"Microsoft is experiencing a large-scale cleanup. What we know is it involves many among them web-based apps: email
"More bad security news for Microsoft: 250 million customer's service records
"More bad security news for Microsoft: 250 million customer service records
"Worse security news for Microsoft: 250 million customer service records
"More bad NSA news for Microsoft: 250 million customer's service records
"2013 More bad security news occurs for Microsoft : nearly 250 million customer's service records
"More bad security news of Facebook: 250 million customer's service records
🤓🤔.   

.
🤓🤔.
Editions [UNK].
<unk>.
@geekyranjit Hi bro this is the error for max windows 7pc 's whn i searched in internet regarding this issue i saw some articles they said The Microsoft Answers forums and Twitter are also filled with Windows 7 users reporting encountering the error when trying to shut down. pic.twitter.com/gI6mwJc2Jm
"@ geekyranjit Hi bro
@ geekyranjit Hi bro is a bug for max windows 7pc's whn's whn i searched in the internet on this issue i searched some articles they said Microsoft and Twitter forums are also filled with Windows 7 users reporting an error when trying to close download. pic.gI6mwJc2Jm
RhandlerR Hi bro this is the error for max windows 7pc 's whn i searched in internet regarding this issue i saw some articles they said The Microsoft Answers forums and Twitter are also filled with Windows 7 users reporting encountering the error when trying to shut down. pic.twitter.com/gI6mwJc2Jm
H RhandlerR Hi bro this is the error for max windows 7pc 's whn i searched in internet regarding this issue i saw some articles they said The Microsoft Answers forums and Twitter are also filled with Windows 7 users reporting encountering the error when trying to shut down. pic.twitter.com/gI6mwJc2Jm
at
@ibm @FedEx @Microsoft @exxonmobil not cool! :(.
@ ibm @ FedEx @ Microsoft @ exxonmobil not cool!: (.
@ ibm @ FedEx @ Microsoft @ exxonnot cool!: (.
@ibm player @FedEx @Microsoft not cool! :(.
@ibm @FedEx... @Microsoft If @exxonmobil is not is cool! : (.
@ibm @FedEx They are not properly! :(.
"Today I found out that Windows' Cortana actually sounds like Jen Taylor in America but nowhere else. What the fuck
"Today I found out that Windows' Cortana actually sounds like Jen Taylor in America
"Today
"Today I found out that Windows' Cortana actually acts like Jen k in America but nowhere else. What the fuck
"Today I found out then that 7th Windows'Cortana actually sounds like Jen Taylor in America but from nowhere else. 1 What is the big fuck
"Today I found out that Windows' version actually drives like Jen Taylor in America but nowhere Japan. What at fuck
@xbox  
@ xbox
@ xbox
@xbox
J @xbox
<unk>
I hate it when they do this @zdnet.  
I hate it when they do that @ zdnet.
I hate it when they do this @ zdnet.
I hate it when they need this @zdnet.
I hate it when actually they even do this @zdnet.
I love it when they do this @zdnet.
"@Microsoft @play_pso2 . Guys
"@ Microsoft @ play _ pso2. Guys
"@ Microsoft @ play _ pso2. Kids
"RhandlerR RhandlerR . Guys
"of RhandlerR RhandlerR . Guys
there
"Mad that so many people are still out there paying for Microsoft Office when all they use is Word
"Crazy that so many people still pay for Microsoft Office when they only use Word
"It's a pity that so many people still pay for Microsoft Office when all they use is Word
"Mad that so many people are still out there paying for Microsoft Office when all they use is Word
"Mad now that why so many people are probably still out by there and paying for Microsoft Office when all they use is Word
"Mad because so many people are still standing there paying $22 an Office when all they use is Word
@Microsoft @Outlook . Please can you do something about blocking spam from opensubscriber.online . Getting several a day and exceedingly annoying.
@ Microsoft @ Outlook. Please can you do something about blocking spam from opensubscriber.online.
@ Microsoft @ Outlook. Can you do anything about spam blocking from opensubscriber.online?
@Microsoft @Outlook. Would hope you do something about blocking spam from opensubscriber.online. Getting several the day and exceedingly annoying.
@Microsoft @Outlook. Please you can imagine you do say something about them blocking spam content from opensubscriber. online. Getting quite several a day and exceedingly damned annoying.
@Microsoft<unk>. Please show you write something on blocking spam from opensubscriber.online. Getting several a day and pretty annoying.
As in Sony winning another console generation over Xbox? Yes. The PlayStation brand is the best selling and most popular WW. Microsoft will only ever make a dent in the US and UK
Yes. The PlayStation brand is the best-selling and most popular WW. Microsoft will only ever make a dent in the US and the UK.
"How can Sony win another generation of console over Xbox? Yes
"As in Sony winning another console generation over Xbox? Nah. The PlayStation brand is the best run
As in Sony winning another console generation lead over Xbox? Yes. The PlayStation brand is the worlds best selling company and most popular WW. Microsoft will need only and ever make a dent more in only the US and UK
As in Sony buying another console generation over Xbox? Yes. The PlayStation brand is the best sold and mass popular WW. Microsoft Can only ever make a dent in the US with UK
"The prices of the new Minecraft emotes are ludicrous. Very damaging to Microsoft and Mojang in terms of reputation. This is a cash grab
The prices of the new Minecraft emotes are ridiculous. Very reputational damage for Microsoft and Mojang. This is a till grab and it should be checked. Way too expensive! Have you forgotten the reputational damage caused by EA's booty boxing scandals?! @ mojang @ jeb _
Too expensive! Have you forgotten the reputational damage caused by the EA looting scandals?! @ mojang @ jeb _
"The prices & the new Minecraft emotes are ludicrous. Very damaging to Microsoft and Mojang in terms of reputation. This constitutes a revenue grab
"The prices of the new Minecraft emotes are ludicrous. Very damaging things to Microsoft and Mojang World in terms of reputation. This is a cash grab
"The prices to the new Minecraft emotes are ludicrous. Very destructive to industry and gaming in terms of reputation. This is no cash grab
Hello @Microsoft @BillGates . There's a crazy spreading fake news.. aventurasnahistoria.uol.com.br/noticias/histo…
Hello @ Microsoft @ BillGates. There is a crazy spread of fake news.. aventurasnahistoria.uol.com. br / noticias / histo...
Hello @ Microsoft @ BillGates. There's crazy people spreading fake news.. aventurastistoria.uol.com.br / noticias / o...
Hello all._. There's a website spreading fake news.. aventurasnahistoria.uol.com.br/noticias/histo…
Hello Hello @Microsoft @BillGates. There's got a crazy cloud spreading fake news.. was aventurasnahistoria. f uol. de com. w br / list noticias / histo …
Hello from @Microsoft. There's a French couple out with.. what.uol.com.br/noticias/histo...
"C’mon Rockstar. This service is being shut down since 2013. Get your stuff together. . . On another note
C'mon Rockstar. This service has been discontinued since 2013. Bring your stuff together... Another example that teaches us that digital media is still not stable enough.
"C'mon Rockstar. This service has been closed since 2013. Gather things together... On the other hand
"C’mon Rockstar. This service is being torn down since 2013. Get your stuff together... On another note
"C ’ famous mon Rockstar. This service is being shut down since 2013. Get your good stuff together... On another note
"C’mon Rockstar. This business is being shut down since 2013. Get your friends together... On another note
So @Microsoft say get a new PC. Even though I clicked my computer is lightening fast.. and I can have as many things open as I like ... windows 10 is a con. Fed up of companies being greedy! pic.twitter.com/dpXvC10TZr
"So @ Microsoft say get yourself a new PC. Although I clicked
So @ Microsoft say get a new PC. Even if I clipped my computer instantly.. and I can have as many things open as I like... Windows 10 is a hoax. Tired of companies being greedy! pic.free.com / dpXvC10TZr
So RhandlerR say get a new PC. Even though I clicked my computer is lightening fast.. and I can have as many things open as I like ... windows 10 is a con. Fed up of companies being greedy! pic.twitter.com/dpXvC10TZr
Project So RhandlerR say get a new PC. Even though I clicked my computer is lightening fast.. and I can have as many things open as I like ... windows 10 is a con. Fed up of companies being greedy! pic.twitter.com/dpXvC10TZr
The
"Microsoft Paint is finally dead
"Microsoft Paint is finally dead
"Microsoft Paint is finally dead
"Microsoft Paint is sadly dead
"Microsoft Paint is finally dead
"Microsoft beta was finally approved
Microsoft Teams is scary and ion like it 🥺. 
Microsoft teams is scary and they like it.
Microsoft is intimidating and likes it.
Microsoft Teams is scary and ion like it too.
And Microsoft Teams is scary and and ion like it [UNK].
Microsoft Teams is beautiful and ion like it <unk>.
"""Bill Gates is a ruthless schemer who demeaned his employees and conspired to rip off his business partner
"""Bill Gates is a ruthless schemer who humiliated his employees and conspired to rip off his business partner
"""Bill Gates is a ruthless schemer who humiliated his employees and tried to sever a business partner
"""Bill Fuller is a ruthless schemer who demeaned his employees and conspired to rip out his business partner
""" Bill Gates is even a typical ruthless mob schemer who demeaned his employees publicly and conspired to rip off his business partner
"""Bill Gates is a ruthless schemer who demeaned his employees never conspired to rip out his business partner
"I really
"I really hope that Microsoft doesn't take away what was multi-platform stuff before. It's damn sucking
"I do
"I really
"But I fucking really
"I really
Outlook tlhe yone ya lapisa... You end up deleting important emails... This shit needs to change!! @Microsoft @Office pic.twitter.com/JXCM7C6Xvk
Outlook tlhe yone ya lapisa... you end up deleting important emails... This shit needs to change!! @ Microsoft @ Office pic.twitter.com / JXCM7C6Xvk
Outlook tlhe alone ya lapisa... You end up deleting important emails... This shit needs to change!! @ Microsoft @ Office pic.fm / JXCM7C6Xvk
Outlook tlhe yone ya lapisa... You end up deleting important emails... This shit needs to change!! RhandlerR RhandlerR pic.twitter.com/JXCM7C6Xvk
W Outlook tlhe yone ya lapisa... You end up deleting important emails... This shit needs to change!! RhandlerR RhandlerR pic.twitter.com/JXCM7C6Xvk
the
"Oh yay
"Oh yes
"Oh yes
"Oh yay
"Oh I yay
"Oh yay
This is so ridiculous @Skype.. Please work hard and find a better way to show ads. It's too poor to earn like this. By showing ads in chats. Didn't expect this @Microsoft. pic.twitter.com/NuR7zINkDE
This is so ridiculous @ Skype.. Please work hard and find a better way to place ads. It's too poor to earn so. By placing ads in chats.
It's so funny @ Sky.. Please work hard and find the best way to show ads. Too poor to make money like this.
This is so ridiculous RhandlerR.. Please work hard and find a better way to show ads. It's too poor to earn like this. By showing ads in chats. Didn't expect this RhandlerR. pic.twitter.com/NuR7zINkDE
W This is so ridiculous RhandlerR.. Please work hard and find a better way to show ads. It's too poor to earn like this. By showing ads in chats. Didn't expect this RhandlerR. pic.twitter.com/NuR7zINkDE
You
How to recall a message sent in Microsoft Outlook  .         You can recall an Outlook message that shouldn't have is.gd/3JiAE1
How to remember a message sent in Microsoft Outlook. You can remember an Outlook message that should not have is.gd / 3JiAE1.gd / 3JiAE1
How to recall a message sent to Microsoft Outlook. You can recall an Outlook message that should not have been is.gd / 3JiAE1
How to recall a document sent in Microsoft email .         You can recall an Outlook message that shouldn't have changed.gd/3JiAE1
How to recall a message sent as in Microsoft Word Outlook. You can not recall having an Outlook message that that shouldn't really have is. gd / 3JiAE1
How can recall a message sent in Microsoft Outlook. Who can remember an Outlook message that shouldn't remember is.gd/3JiAE1
Sony can destroy gamepass if the PS5 is fully backwards compatible with previous gens and they make every game in PSnow downloadable. Microsoft will not be able to compete with that catalog of games.
Sony can destroy the gamepass if the PS5 is fully backwards compatible with previous games and they make each game available for download in PSnow. Microsoft will not be able to compete with this game catalog.
Sony could destroy the gamepad if the PS5 is fully compatible with previous versions and they make every game on the PS5 downloadable. Microsoft will not be able to compete with this catalog of games.
Sony can develop titles if the PS5 is fully backwards loaded with previous gens and they made every game in PSnow downloadable. Microsoft will not be able to compete with that catalog of games.
Sony Sony can destroy gamepass if the PS5 is fully backwards compatible with many previous gens and only they make every game in PSnow available downloadable. The Microsoft Windows will not be ever able to compete with expanding that catalog of games.
developers can not gamepass if the PS5 is fully backwards compared with previous gens and they make every competitor in PSnow obsolete. Microsoft will not be able with compete with that catalog of games.
.@Microsoft in trouble after revelation unvetted Chinese .  contractors listened in on Skype calls with NO security rt.com/usa/477982-mic…
. @ Microsoft in trouble after revealing not verified Chinese. Contractor stopped making Skype calls with NO security rt.com / usa / 477982-mic...
@ Microsoft in trouble after exposing an untested Chinese.
.@Microsoft in trouble after revelation by Chinese.  contractors listened in on Skype calls. NO on rt.com/usa/477982-mic…
. org @Microsoft being in major trouble after revelation regarding unvetted Chinese. contractors listened in on our Skype calls with clear NO security on rt. com / usa / 477982 - 9 mic …
.@Microsoft<unk> trouble here customer unvetted that. contractors got in on Skype calls with false security rt.com/usa/477982-mic...
Just tripped over Microsoft Rewards - it seems to be a faintly sad idea to reward you for using MS Edge and Bing  
Just stumbled across Microsoft Rewards - it seems to be a faintly sad idea to reward you for using MS Edge and Bing
Just stumbled across Microsoft Rewards - it seems like a very sad idea to reward you for using MS Edge and Bing
Just tripped over Best Rewards - it seems to be an faintly sad idea to reward you for using MS Edge and Bing
Just tripped over Microsoft Rewards - it seems to be a faintly a sad... idea rather to specifically reward you for using MS Edge Live and Bing
Just leapt over Microsoft Express - it used to be a particularly sad idea to reward you for using MS Edge and Bing
Thanks for the mention! rammbi: LucidPointeO365 I can't stand this new  
Thanks for mentioning! rammbi: LucidPointeO365 I can not stand this new version
Thanks for mentioning! rafi: LucidPointeO365 I can't stand this new
Thanks for his reminder! rammbi: LucidPointeO365 I can't stand this new
Thanks silently for the mention! rammbi : THE LucidPointeO365 I... can'm t stand this new
Thanks for the mention! rammbi: Our girls can't stand a new
"Microsoft are dumb.. . Office programs (arguably as necessary as Win10 for anyone attempting to work on almost anything) are always-online because of poor decision making
"Microsoft is stupid... Office programs (arguably as necessary as Win10 for anyone who tries to work on almost anything) are always online because of poor decision-making
"Microsoft is stupid... Office programs (perhaps as necessary as Win10 for anyone who tries to work on almost anything) are always online because of poor decision-making
"Microsoft are dumb.. Our Office programs<unk> as necessary as Win10 for anyone looking to work on almost anything) are always-online because of poor update management
"Microsoft are dumb... Office mail programs ( arguably as necessary as Win10 for anyone attempting to work on almost absolutely anything ) are always - online or because of poor decision making
"Microsoft are dumb... Office programs (arguably as necessary as Linux if anyone needing Microsoft work on almost anything) are always-online because of faulty decision making
i made a microsoft account awhile ago for fuckin minecraft earth but for some reason i was banned
"I made a Microsoft account a while ago for fucking Minecraft Earth
i made a microsoft account awhile ago for fuckin minecraft earth but for some reason i was banned
i made a microsoft account awhile ago to fuckin minecraft earth but for some reason mine was banned
i made a microsoft account awhile ago for fuckin stealing minecraft earth but for just some bizarre reason now i was banned
i made a forum account awhile ago for fuckin minecraft earth but of unknown reason i was banned
Microsoft onedrive: A hate thread . 1/3462
Microsoft onedrive: A thread of hate. 1 / 3462
Microsoft oneddrive: A hate thread. 1 / 3462
Microsoft onedrive: Another hate thread. 1/3462
Microsoft onedrive : 7 A hate thread. 1 / ME 3462
Microsoft onedrive: A 100 thread. 1/3462
Microsoft Acess is a weird place on the computer that makes everything look like it was made on windows 95
Microsoft Acess is a strange place on the computer that makes everything look like it was created under Windows 95
Microsoft Access is a strange place on a computer that makes everything look like it did on Windows 95
Microsoft Acess is a weird place on the computer that makes everything look like it were created on windows 95
the Microsoft Acess is a weird place... on the computer that makes everything look just like it was made on windows Commodore 95
Microsoft Corporation is a weird place on the computer and makes everything look like it was accomplished on windows 95
I have testing on Microsoft access and I’ve never used that before. Shit.
I've tested the Microsoft access and I've never used it. Shit.
I have testing on Microsoft access and I've never used that before. Shit.
I have Windows on Microsoft access and I’ve never used that before. Shit.
But I have testing on Microsoft access and I ’ ve certainly never used email that before. Shit.
I started testing on internet access and I’ve never used that before. Shit.
Though this is great news for  . bit.ly/30eEddN.  
"Even if that's good news
Although that's great news for bit.ly / 30eEddN.
Though this is great news for . t.ly/30eEddN.
Though all this is great local news for. bit. ly / Channel 30eEddN.
Though this is great news personally. al.ly/30eEddN.
Is Microsoft trolling us
Is Microsoft letting us troll?
Microsoft Trolls Us
Is Israel trolling us
Is this Microsoft trolling us
stop Microsoft trolling us
It’s wild Halo 2 had the best video game soundtrack ever and Microsoft/343 or whoever decided to mess with that in terms of the anniversary edition
It's Wild Halo 2 had the best video game soundtrack of all time and Microsoft / 343 or whoever decided to screw it up in terms of the anniversary edition
"This Wild Halo 2 had the best video game track ever
It’s wild Halo 2 featured the best video game soundtrack ever but Microsoft/343 or whoever decided to mess with that in terms to the anniversary edition
It ’ s wild how Halo 2 had even the best video action game soundtrack ever and Microsoft / Flight 343 or whoever decided why to mess with that in terms of the anniversary remix edition
It’s wild Halo actually had the best single game soundtrack ever and Microsoft/343 or whoever decided their mess with up in terms of the anniversary edition
I think I might move to @SonyPlay5tation @xbox @microsoft you guys are gauging on the extra hard drive space 220 bucks for 1tb - this is stuff that is ridiculous
"I think I could switch to @ SonyPlay5tation @ xbox @ microsoft
I think I might move to @ SonyPlay5tation @ xbox @ microsoft you guys are gauging on the extra hard drive space 220 bucks for 1tb - this is stuff that is incredible
I think I might refer to @SonyPlay5tation Just @xbox We guys are gauging on the extra hard drive space 220 bucks for 1tb - this is stuff that is ridiculous
Now I think I might move it to @SonyPlay5tation @xbox @microsoft you new guys are gauging on the extra hard drive in space 220 bucks for 1tb - for this stuff is fine stuff but that is ridiculous
I think we might move to @SonyPlay5tation @xbox @microsoft you guys are gauging on the extra hard drive space 220 feet for 1tb - this just before about gets ridiculous
The outcome of the complaint/probe suggests  
The outcome of the complaint / investigation suggests
The result of the complaint / investigation assumes that:
The outcome of the trial/probe suggests
The outcome of the complaint / probe period suggests
The outcome regarding the complaint/probe suggests
Hate how screen sharing from a widescreen/high-resolution monitor makes everything so small for Microsoft Teams meeting participants? Vote up this item to support sharing a custom area of the screen - microsoftteams.uservoice.com/forums/555103-…
Do you hate how sharing from a widescreen / high resolution monitor makes everything so small for Microsoft teams meeting attendees? Select this item to support sharing a custom area of the screen - microsoftteams.uservoice.com / forums / 555103-...
Hate how sharing screen access from a widescreen / high-resolution monitor makes everything so small for Microsoft meeting participants? Vote for this item to support shared access to the user area of the screen - microsteams.usergee.com / forums / 555103-...
Hate if screen splitting from a resolution/high-resolution monitor makes everything so smooth for Microsoft Teams meeting participants? Vote up this item to consider sharing a custom area of the screen - microsoftteams.uservoice.com/forums/555103-…
Hate how screen layout sharing from down a widescreen / high - resolution monitor makes everything appear so small for Microsoft Teams meeting session participants? Vote up this common item to and support image sharing with a custom area of the screen - microsoftteams. uservoice. com / Facebook forums / 555103 - 1 …
out how screen sharing from a widescreen/high-resolution monitor makes it so realistic for Microsoft Teams meeting participants? Vote from your resolution to support sharing by custom area on the monitor - microsoftteams.uservoice.com/forums/555103-...
WTF f*ck is wrong with you? Why would you bring him up on a topic that has nothing to do with him in any way? Are that much of a whipping b*tch for Microsoft that you’re using his death to protect Xbox?
WTF f * ck is wrong with you? Why would you bring him up on an issue that has nothing to do with him? Is that a caning for Microsoft for using his death to protect the Xbox?
WTF * ck is wrong with you? Why are you raising it on a subject that has nothing to do with it? Are you using his death to defend Xbox?
WTF f*ck is wrong with you? Why would you bring him up on a platform nobody has anything to do with him in any way? Are that much of a whipping b*tch for Microsoft when you’re using his death to protect Xbox?
WTF to f * ck him is wrong... with you?... Why would would you bring him up on a topic that has nothing outside to do with him dying in any way? Are that much of a whipping my b * damn tch for Microsoft that you ’ re using before his death to protect Xbox?
WTF f*ck is wrong with Brad? Why would you bring him up to every night that has no to do with him in any way? Are that much from him whipping b*tch for Microsoft that you’re using his death to protect Xbox?
All this time making typos on my phone was because I somehow got switched to microsoft switkey keyboard.
All the time typing on my phone was because I was somehow switched to the Microsoft keyboard.
All this time I was typing on my phone because somehow I switched to the microsoft keyboard.
All this time making typos on my phone was after I somehow got switched to microsoft OS keyboard.
All but this time making typos gestures on my phone gestures was terrifying because I somehow somehow got switched to microsoft switkey keyboard.
All those time making typos on my phone was because something somehow got switched to microsoft switkey prompt.
@maryjofoley hi mj! I had my wife take her SL3 to the Microsoft store. They tried 2 charge her the fee 4 accidental. I went  in & argued my piece. My wife babies her laptop. Rarely leaves her desk. We got it replaced & instantly got a hard case. pic.twitter.com/FdvsreTScM
@ maryjofoley hello mj! I had my wife bring her SL3 to the Microsoft store. They tried 2 to charge her the fee 4 accidentally. I went in and argued my piece. My wife gives birth to her laptop. Rarely leaves her desk. We got it replaced and got a hard shell. pic.twitter.com / FdvsreTScM
@ maryjofoley hi mj! I had my wife take her SL3 to the Microsoft store. They tried 2 charge her the fee 4 accidental. I went in & problem my piece. My wife books her laptop. Rarely leaves her desk. We got it replaced & instantly got a hard case. pic.facebook.com / FresreTScM
RhandlerR hi mj! I had my wife take her SL3 to the Microsoft store. They tried 2 charge her the fee 4 accidental. I went  in & argued my piece. My wife babies her laptop. Rarely leaves her desk. We got it replaced & instantly got a hard case. pic.twitter.com/FdvsreTScM
by RhandlerR hi mj! I had my wife take her SL3 to the Microsoft store. They tried 2 charge her the fee 4 accidental. I went  in & argued my piece. My wife babies her laptop. Rarely leaves her desk. We got it replaced & instantly got a hard case. pic.twitter.com/FdvsreTScM
of
"@Sophos WHY DO I NEED TO SIGN INTO YOUR WEBSITE TO CHANGE HOW THE FUCKING ANTIVIRUS WORKS ON MY COMPUTER. . Oh and also YOUR LOGIN SYSTEM IS BROKEN FOR NO REASON AS-PER-FUCKING-USUAL BECAUSE YOU'RE BACKED BY MICROSOFT
"@ Sophos WHY I MUST SUGGESTE WITH YOUR WEBSITE
"@ Sophos WHY DO I NEBE TO SIGN TO YOUR ITE TO CHANGE HOW THE FUCKING ANTIVIRUS WORKS ON MY COMPUTER... Oh and also YOUR LOGIN SYSTEM IS BROKEN FOR NO REASON AS-PER-FUCKING-USUAL BECAUSE YOU'RE BACKAUSE by MICROSOFT
"@Sophos WHY DO I GO TO SIGN INTO YOU WEBSITE TO GET HOW THE FUCKING ANTIVIRUS WORKS ON MY COMPUTER... Oh and also YOUR LOGIN SYSTEM IS ONLY FOR NO ID AS-PER-FUCKING-USUAL BECAUSE WE'RE BACKED BY MICROSOFT
"@Sophos WHY DO YOU I NEED TO C SIGN INTO YOUR O WEBSITE TO CHANGE ON HOW THE FUCKING to ANTIVIRUS WORKS ON MY IT COMPUTER.. Oh and also YOUR LOGIN SYSTEM IS BROKEN FOR ME NO REASON AS - PER - FUCKING - USUAL BECAUSE ON YOU'RE TO BACKED BY MICROSOFT
"me WHY did I NEED SO Turn INTO THAT WEBSITE TO CHANGE HOW THE FUCKING ANTIVIRUS WORKS ON MY AT.. Oh and that YOUR LOGIN<unk> was BROKEN FOR NO REASON AS-PER-FUCKING-USUAL BECAUSE YOU'RE BACKED to MICROSOFT
"Sneaky... @microsoft @Windows decided to sneakily pin its Edge browser it to the taskbar when launched (through a settings help page). No other app would dare to do that. Stop trying to make me use your browser
"Sneaky... @ microsoft @ Windows has decided to secretly attach its Edge browser to the taskbar at startup (via a Settings help page). No other app would dare to do so. Stop making me use your browser
Sneaky... @ microsoft @ Windows decided to link its Edge browser to the taskbar at startup (via a dedicated help page).
"Sneaky... @microsoft @Windows decided another sneakily pin its Edge browser it to the taskbar when running (through a settings help page). No other app can dare to do that. Stop trying to make me use your stuff
"Sneaky... @microsoft @Windows decided to sneakily remotely pin its Edge Web browser it to the target taskbar when launched ( through a settings up help page ). No other app would she dare have to do even that. See Stop trying it to... make me use your browser
"Sneaky... Edge @microsoft decided to sneakily pin its Edge Web map to the taskbar when launched (through a pop of button). No other app would come or do that. Stop trying to make me use your browser
"'Greed'? Yeah
"""Greed""? Yes
"""Greed""? Yes
"'Greed'? Yeah
"' Marketing Greed '? Yeah
"'Greed'? Yeah
Microsoft 365 had a big outage today
Microsoft 365 had a major outage today
Microsoft 365 had a big glitch today
Microsoft 365 had a big outage recently
Microsoft 365 had seen a big outage today
Microsoft 365 had a complete outage today
what tf is this
what is this a tf
what tf is this
what project is this
what tf is is this
what tf does this
I wonder what this means for the navy... who still uses this dated ass shit
I wonder what that means for the Navy... who still uses this outdated ass shit?
I wonder what this means for the Navy... who still uses this outdated ass crap
I wonder what it means for the navy... who still uses this dated ass shit
Would I even wonder then what this means for the navy... who still uses this dated ass shit
do wonder what this means for the navy... who still uses this dated ass<unk>
"Apparently Microsoft is buying TikTok
Microsoft Buys Apparently Sick TikTok
Microsoft Buys Sick Current
"Apparently Microsoft is buying drugs
"in Apparently Microsoft is buying the TikTok
"Apparently Microsoft is buying our
"Microsoft has ended support for Windows 7. That means it will no longer provide updates or security patches for the 11-year-old operating system
"Microsoft has dropped support for Windows 7
"Microsoft has stopped supporting Windows 7
"Microsoft has ended support for Windows 7. That means it will no longer provide updates or security patches for it 14-year-old operating program
"Microsoft has ended support for Windows 7. That means it will actually no longer provide updates or security patches required for the massive 11 - million year - old operating system
"Microsoft has ended support for Windows 12. That means it will never longer issue updates or security patches in the 11-year-old operating environment
"FBI: Nation-state actors have breached two US municipalities. Nation-state hackers breached networks of two US municipalities last year
"FBI: National actors have raided two US municipalities. National hackers raided the networks of two US municipalities last year
"Last year
"FBI: Nation-state actors have hacked two US entities. Nation-state hackers breached networks of two US municipalities last year
"FBI : Nation - state actors that have breached two US US municipalities. Nation - government state hackers breached Internet networks offshore of two US municipalities from last year
"2013: Nation-state malware have breached two US communities. State-state hackers breached networks of dual US municipalities last year
Nice misinformation
Nice misinformation
Good disinformation
Nice<unk>
One Nice misinformation
Nice Big
Every now and then I start to reconsider my ancient biases against Microsoft... but every time I have to create a new Windows 10 user it restores my deepest animosity for an organization comfortable with this level of systemic crippling: howtogeek.com/442609/confirm…
"Every now and then I revisit my age-old prejudices against Microsoft... but every time I have to create a new Windows 10 user
"Every now and then I begin to reconsider my long-standing bias against Microsoft... but every time I have to create a new Windows 10 user
Every where and then I start to reconsider my ancient biases against Microsoft... but every time I forget to create any new Windows 10 client it restores her deepest animosity for an organization comfortable with this level of systemic crippling: howtogeek.com/442609/confirm…
Every now and then I start to reconsider my now ancient biases against Microsoft... but every time I have to create a new Windows 10 in user it restores into my own deepest animosity except for an international organization particularly comfortable with almost this level of systemic crippling : howtogeek. com com / 442609 / Twitter confirm …
Every now and often I start to reconsider my ancient biases against Microsoft... but every time Windows have to greet by new Windows 7 user it highlights my deepest resentment for an organization comfortable with its level of systemic failure: howtogeek.com/442609/confirm...
microsoft are SHIT pic.twitter.com/893nuCUYrV
microsoft are SHIT pic.twitter.com / 893nuCUYrV
microsoft are SHIT pic.wikipedia.org / 893nuCUYrV
microsoft are SHIT pic.twitter.com/893nuCUYrV
With microsoft are SHIT pic.twitter.com/893nuCUYrV
a
"Suspicion and Anger Towards Microsoft Rises After Windows 10 Search Failure . tech.slashdot.org/story/20/02/09… . . Even local file searches on users' own PC's were failing
"Mistrust and anger against Microsoft is rising after the failure of the Windows 10 search. tech.slashdot.org / story / 20 / 02 / 09...... Even local searches on users ""own PCs failed
"Suspicion and anger are mounting at Microsoft after Windows 10 failed in its search. tech.sdot.org / story / 20 / 02 / 09.... Even a local search for files on users ""own computers failed
"Suspicion and Anger Towards Windows Over After Windows 10 Search Failure. tech.slashdot.org/story/20/02/09….. and local file searches on users' older PC's were failing
"Suspicion and Anger Towards Our Microsoft Rises Terrorism After the Windows 10 and Search Failure. tech. slashdot. net org / web story / 20 / 02 / 09 ….. Even local file format searches on users'own PC's were already failing
"<unk> and Anger Towards Other People After Windows 10 Search Failure. tech.slashdot.org/story/20/02/09..... Even local web applications on users' Microsoft PC's were crashing
Is this why my email went screwy and kept asking me to re-enter my password around 5:30pm? Hm.
Is this the reason why my email went crazy and kept asking me to re-enter my password at around 5.30pm.
Is that why my email spun and kept asking me to enter my password at around 5: 30 p.m.? Hmmm.
Is this why my email went unanswered and kept asking me to re-enter her password around 5:30pm? Hm.
... Is this why my stupid email went extra screwy and Mom kept asking me not to re - enter my password around 5 : 30pm? Hm.
Is this why my account became screwy and kept forcing me to re-enter my password from 5:30pm? Hm.
I am MS-DOS years old & I've never forgiven Microsoft pic.twitter.com/lfGtTtBGcC
I'm MS-DOS years old & I've never forgiven Microsoft pic.twitter.com / lfGtTtBGcC
I'm many years old and I've never forgiven Microsoft pic.wikipedia.org / lfGtTtBGcC
I am MS-DOS years old & I've never forgiven Microsoft pic.twitter.com/lfGtTtBGcC
1 I am MS-DOS years old & I've never forgiven Microsoft pic.twitter.com/lfGtTtBGcC
do
@Microsoft Why do I pay for WORD when it functions so poorly on my @SamsungUS Chromebook? . 
@ Microsoft Why do I pay for WORD when it works so poorly on my @ SamsungUS Chromebook?.
@ Microsoft Why do I pay for WORD if it works so well on my @ SamUS Chromebook?.
@Microsoft Why do I pay for WORD though it functions so poorly on my new Chromebook?.
The @Microsoft Why do I not pay for WORD when when it functions like so fucking poorly on my @SamsungUS Chromebook?.
@Microsoft what do I pay the WORD when English is so poorly on my @SamsungUS Chromebook?.
"Here is an idea Microsoft.  Clean up your own house first!  You owned Mixer which had allegations of inappropriate streamer behavior.  You had staff refer to partners as ""SLAVES.""  Trying to take the moral high ground here is laughable.  businessinsider.com/microsoft-paus…"
"Here's an idea from Microsoft. Clean your own house first! You owned mixers containing allegations of inappropriate streamer behavior
"Here's Microsoft's idea. Clean up your house first! You owned Microsoft
"Here is one idea Microsoft.  Clean up your own house first!  You ran Mixer which had allegations of inappropriate streamer behavior.  You had staff reacting to partners as ""SLAVES.""  Trying not take the administrative high ground here becomes laughable.  businessinsider.com/microsoft-paus…"
"Here is an idea Microsoft. Clean up in your big own house... first! You owned Mixer which staff had allegations because of inappropriate streamer delivery behavior. You had staff refer to their partners as "" the SLAVES. "" Trying to take the moral to high market ground here is laughable. businessinsider. com / microsoft - paus …"
"Here is your idea Microsoft. Fire up your own house first! You owned Mixer which had allegations of unfair parental content. You had staff refer to both as ""SLAVES."" Trying people take our moral high water here is laughable. businessinsider.com/microsoft-paus..."
"Why are all flowchart applications and softwares bad EXCEPT visio? I'm used to the microsoft applications not being the best option
"Why are all flowchart applications and software EXCEPT visio bad? I'm used to Microsoft apps not being the best option
"Why are all the flowchart and soewares apps bad? I'm used to microsoft apps not being the best option
"Why are these flowchart applications and softwares bad EXCEPT visio? Obviously used to the flow applications not being the best option
"11 Why are essentially all their flowchart applications services and softwares bad EXCEPT visio? I'm used enough to the microsoft applications not being the even best option
"heck are all flowchart applications and softwares bad EXCEPT visio? I'm used to the microsoft applications generally being the best option
I SWEAR TO GOD IF MICROSOFT EDGE REDOWNLOADED ITSLEF ONTO MY COMPUTER AFTER THIS UPDATE I WILL FUCKING SCREAM
"I SAVE TO GOD IF MICROSOFT EDGE REDOWNLOAD AFTER THIS UPDATE TO MY COMPUTER
I swear to God if MICROSOFT EDGE REDOWNLOADE ITSLEF ONTO MY COMPUTER AFTER THE UPDATE I Will FUCKING SCREAM
I SWEAR TO GOD IF MICROSOFT EDGE AN ITSLEF ONTO MY HOUSE AFTER THIS UPDATE I WILL GO SCREAM
9 I W SWEAR TO GOD IF AT MICROSOFT TO EDGE REDOWNLOADED AND ITSLEF YOU ONTO MY PR COMPUTER AFTER THIS MA UPDATE I J WILL AT FUCKING SCREAM
I SWEAR TO WHAT IF MICROSOFT EDGE REDOWNLOADED TO ONTO MY COMPUTER AFTER OF UPDATE HERE BE IN F
Why didn’t anyone think of this acronym for BLM (Batteries Lives Matter) @Microsoft pls fix this problem and give us built in batteries like how @Sony has for their controllers damn!
Why did no one think of this acronym for BLM (Batteries Lives Matter) @ Microsoft pls fix this problem and give us built-in batteries like @ sony for their controllers damn!
Why did no one think of this acronym for BLM (Matter Lives Matter) @ Microsoft pls fix this problem and give us built-in batteries like @ Sony has for its controllers hell!
Why didn’t anyone think of our acronym<unk> BLM (Batteries Lives Matter) @Microsoft pls fix this problem and give us built in batteries like what Cisco has for their controllers damn!
Why didn ’ are t but anyone else think of this generic acronym for BLM ( Batteries for Lives Matter ) @Microsoft to pls fix out this problem and give us built in batteries more like how @Sony has for which their controllers damn!
Why does anyone think or this acronym for BLM (Batteries which Matter) @Microsoft pls fix stupid acronym and give us built in batteries like how @Sony has made current controllers damn!
Why are people talking about microsoft buying sega? I'll be unimaginably angry
Why are people talking about Microsoft buying Sega? I'm going to be incredibly angry
Why are people talking about buying microsoft sega? I will be incredibly angry
Why are people talking up microsoft buying sega? I'll be unimaginably angry
15 Why before are people talking about microsoft companies buying sega? But I'll be unimaginably angry
Why are people talking about microsoft buying sega? Just'll just unimaginably happy
"Zero day on IE ! Exploited. Apply mitigation while patch is not yet available !!!. ""Microsoft Issues Mitigation for Actively Exploited IE Zero-Day"". Instructions in the article.. Connected=hacked.   "
"Zero day on IE! Exploited. Apply mitigation while patch is not yet available!!! ""Microsoft Issues Mitigation for Actively Exploited IE Zero-Day."" Instructions in the article.. Connected = Hacked."
"""Microsoft is releasing Mixation for active use in IE
"Zero Days attack IE! Exploited. Apply mitigation while patch is not yet available!!!. ""Microsoft Issues Mitigation of This Exploited IE Zero-Day"". Instructions in the article.. Connected=hacked."
"Zero day date on IE! Time Exploited. Apply mitigation while running patch testing is not yet available!!!. "" In Microsoft Issues Mitigation Program for Actively Exploited on IE Zero - 1 Day "". Instructions in the latest article.. h Connected = hacked."
"Zero day and IE! Exploited. Apply mask as face appears not yet open!!!. ""Microsoft Mask Response for Actively Exploited IE 14-Day"". Instructions in the article.. Connected=hacked."
I'd cry. I'd cry happy tears. Will it happen? Definitely not. So I will now cry sad tears.
I would cry. I would cry happy tears. Will it happen? Definitely not. So I will cry sad tears now.
I would cry. I would cry happy tears. Will it happen? Definitely not.
I'd cry. I'd cry happy tears. Will happiness happen? Definitely not. So I will not cry sad tears.
I'd cry. Tomorrow I'd perhaps cry happy tears. Will it happen? Because Definitely will not. And So I will now silently cry sad tears.
I'd cry. I'd cry loud tears. Will it happen? Definitely no. Instead I will now cry beautiful tears.
"it’s 2am and i reset my whole laptop not realising ill lose my microsoft word
"It's 2am and I put my whole laptop back
"it's 2 am and i reset my whole laptop not realizing ill lose my microsoft word
"it’s 2am and i reset my usb laptop not realising ill lose my ip word
"soon it ’ s 2am and i can reset my big whole laptop not realising i ill lose my tiny microsoft word
"a hot and i forget my whole laptop not realising ill lose my microsoft word
"Yes
"Yes
"Yes
"Yes
"Yes
"Hi
"@Microsoft @Xbox @XboxSupport . I need to talk to someone
@ Microsoft @ Xbox @ XboxSupport. I need to talk to someone because I have a problem that requires conversation and website support (for some reason) does not host a live chat for what I need.... please?
"@ Microsoft @ Xbox @ XboxSupport. I need to talk to someone
"@Microsoft @Xbox @XboxSupport. I need to talk to someone
"@Microsoft @Xbox @XboxSupport. So I do need to really talk about to someone
"@Microsoft @Xbox @XboxSupport. I need on talk to someone
 
It is not the first time that the EU Commission has taken such a step.
"At the same time



Microsoft’s usage of upnp is fucking annoying
Microsoft's use of upnp is damn annoying
Using Microsoft upnp is fucking annoying
Microsoft’s usage of upnp is fucking stunning
Microsoft Software ’ s usage of upnp is just fucking annoying
Microsoft’s usage of upnp too fucking annoying
 
It is not the first time that the EU Commission has taken such a step.
"At the same time



Microsoft Publisher just crashed my Microsoft PC.
Microsoft Publisher just crashed my Microsoft PC.
Microsoft Publisher just broke my Microsoft PC.
Microsoft Publisher just installed my Microsoft PC.
Microsoft Publisher just crashed my first Microsoft PC.
<unk> Publisher just crashed my Microsoft PC.
Looks like the market doesnt really believe this will happen $MSFT  
Looks like the market doesn't really believe this is going to happen.
The market doesn't really seem to believe this is going to happen
Looks like the market doesnt actually believe this will happen $MSFT
Looks like the market doesnt really believe how this will happen $ 200 MSFT
Looks like the market doesnt really believe this will stay here
I need Microsoft to hurry up and release those duos... I'm tired of waiting lol
I need Microsoft to hurry up and release these duos... I'm tired of waiting lol
I need Microsoft to hurry up and release those duos... I'm tired of waiting lol
I need Microsoft to hurry up and release those duos... I'm tired of losing lol
I need some Microsoft security to hurry him up and release those duos... I've m tired of waiting lol
I asked Microsoft to hurry about for release those duos... I'm tired of waiting lol
A little awww shucks to take you into a week of using Microsoft Office products while trying to tame the wild beasts in your house.
A little aha effect puts you in a week of using Microsoft Office products as you try to tame the wild animals in your house.
A little pause in a week of using Microsoft Office products while you try to tame the wild animals in your home.
A little good shucks to take you into a week of using Microsoft Office products while trying to control the wild beasts in your house.
A little awww am shucks to take with you into a week of work using his Microsoft and Office products while trying to tame the wild beasts hiding in your house.
A delightful lazy shucks to take you into a week of using Microsoft XP products for trying to tame the wild beasts in your house.
Just had to use the phone... Microsoft Teams not working . 
Just had to use the phone... Microsoft teams didn't work.
I just had to use my phone... Microsoft doesn't work.
Just want to use the phone... Microsoft Teams not working.
Just he had to use the same phone... Microsoft Teams not working.
Just had to upgrade this phone... Microsoft Teams not working.
Microsoft Dynamics 365 CE / CDS Devs Remember - ExecuteMultipleRequest within Plugins is bad!  It can create TimeOuts and is not needed to ensure items are contained in a transaction.   
Microsoft Dynamics 365 CE / CDS Devs Remember - ExecuteMultipleRequest within plugins is bad! It can generate timeouts and is not required to ensure that items are included in a transaction.
Microsoft Dynamics 365 CE / CDS Devs Remember - ExecuteMultipleRequest within a single transaction is bad!
Microsoft Dynamics 365 Developers / CDS Devs Remember - ExecuteMultipleRequest within Plugins is bad!  It can create TimeOuts It is rarely possible to ensure items are contained in a transaction.
2010 Microsoft Corporate Dynamics Web 365 CE / CDS Devs Remember - ExecuteMultipleRequest within Plugins is very bad! Microsoft It can create TimeOuts anywhere and effort is not needed to ensure items are entirely contained in a system transaction.
Microsoft Access 365 CE / CDS Devs 2 - ExecuteMultipleRequest within once is bad! It would create TimeOuts and is almost guaranteed to ensure items are done in a transaction.
"I hate the direction Microsoft is taking with this their ""Windows S"" business. Which one is that I can only install apps from Microsoft Store? . . . @Windows @Microsoft  "
"I hate the direction Microsoft is taking with its ""Windows S"" business
"I hate the direction Microsoft is taken with this their ""Windows S"" business. Which one is that I can only install apps from Microsoft Store?... @ Windows @ Microsoft"
"I hate the direction Microsoft is taking with both their ""Windows S"" business. Round one is that I can only install apps from Microsoft stores?... @Windows @Microsoft"
"I hate with the drastic direction Microsoft is still taking with this their "" Open Windows S "" business. Which one is that why I can only install free apps from at Microsoft Steam Store?... @Windows @Microsoft"
"I guess a trick Nintendo it taking with this their ""Windows S"" business. Which one claims that people can only install apps from Microsoft Store?... @Windows @Microsoft"
microsoft really out here trynna extort money from me because I do I just need time
Microsoft really out here trying to extort money from me because I know I just need time
microsoft is really here trynna extort money from me because I do what I just need time
microsoft really out here trynna extort money from me like I do I just need time
microsoft really out back here trynna extort your money from using me because I do pay I just need time
microsoft really guy here trynna extort money from me because I live I just need my
Bill Gate & Microsoft banned in Russia. A lesson to Nigeria.
Bill Gates & Microsoft banned in Russia - a lesson for Nigeria.
Bill Gates and Microsoft banned in Russia. Lesson from Nigeria.
Bill board & Microsoft banned in Russia. A lesson to Nigeria.
Bill Ashton Gate & Microsoft banned in 2009 Russia. A lesson to Nigeria.
Iron Gate & Microsoft banned in Russia. A lesson to Nigeria.
"Nooooooo!!!! Microsoft bought Bethesda! The dev process at Microsoft is notoriously fragmented
"Nooooooo!!! Microsoft has bought Bethesda! Microsoft's development process is notoriously fragmented
"Nooooooo!! Microsoft has bought Bethesda! Microsoft's development process is notoriously fragmented
"Nooooooo!!!! Microsoft bought Bethesda! The dev process around Redmond is notoriously dirty
"But Nooooooo!!!! Microsoft bought Bethesda! The dev process at Microsoft is now notoriously fragmented
"Nooooooo!!!! Microsoft bought Microsoft! The dev process inside Microsoft is notoriously fragmented
"After today
"As of today
"After today
"After today
"and After today
"After today
"Over the last month
"Last month
"Over the past month
"Over the last month
"Over the last month
"Over the last month
Its been like what 3 months since this happend and i still cant create a new microsoft acc??? am i the only who's experiencing this??? pic.twitter.com/JKN8p8X8zV
It was like it was 3 months since this event and I still can't create a new Mikrosoft after ACC??? I??? m the only one who experienced this??? pic.twitter.com / JKN8p8X8zV
Its been like what 3 months since this happen and i still cant create a new microsoft acc?? am i the only who's experience this??? pic.facebook.com / JKN8p8X8zV
Its been like what 3 months since this happend and i still cant create a new microsoft acc??? am i the only who's experiencing this??? pic.twitter.com/JKN8p8X8zV
and Its been like what 3 months since this happend and i still cant create a new microsoft acc??? am i the only who's experiencing this??? pic.twitter.com/JKN8p8X8zV
is
"OK
"OK
"OK
"OK
"... OK
"OK
Windows 10 is repulsive OS? I seems to be designed to microsoft service like old mac.
Windows 10 is a disgusting operating system? I seem to be designed for Microsoft services like old Mac.
Windows 10 is a repellent OS? I seem to be built for a microsoft service like an old mac.
Windows 10 another repulsive OS? I seems to be sticking to microsoft service like old mac.
Windows 10 is repulsive... OS? And I seems only to still be designed to microsoft service like old mac.
Windows 4 is repulsive OS? I seems to be running on microsoft service like old mac.
"Let’s  be blunt. It makes no sense for Microsoft  to buy TikTok
"It doesn't make sense for Microsoft to buy TikTok
"It makes no sense for Microsoft to buy Tesla Tok
"Let’s  be blunt. Apple makes no sense for American  to buy TikTok
"Let David ’ s be blunt. 2017 It makes seriously no much sense for some Microsoft to buy TikTok
"<unk> be blunt. It makes zero sense for me to steal TikTok
Since pubg is now banned . The government should also ban microsoft teams and zoom also
"Now that pubg is banned
"Since pubg is now banned
Since pubg are now banned. The government should also ban microsoft teams and zoom also
2010 Since pubg is now also banned. The government should also officially ban microsoft games teams and zoom also
Since pubg is now banned. The government should also outlaw microsoft windows and zoom also
"Actually kinda sucks that I can't play competitive Hearthstone right now
"Actually
"In fact
"Actually kinda shitty that I can't play competitive Hearthstone right now
"Actually kinda sucks knowing that I can've t play competitive Hearthstone field right now
"Actually kinda sucks that I can't possibly competitive Hearthstone right now
Never popped the ice block  
Never cracked the ice block
Never Kick the Ice Bucket Challenge
Never popped another ice block
Never popped the last ice block
Never popped the apartment block
@BoarControl you look like you want to murder someone in your hearthstone bracket picture LOL
@ BoarControl you look like you want to murder someone in your heart bracket Picture LOL
@ BoarControl you look like you want to kill someone in your heart brain picture LOL
@BoarControl I look like you want to murder someone in your hearthstone bracket picture LOL
@BoarControl you just look like guys you want to murder in someone in your hearthstone bracket picture like LOL
@BoarControl you look like you want or see someone in your hearthstone life picture LOL
Imagine paying for a single thing Activision Blizzard puts out at this point
Imagine you're paying for a thing that Activision Blizzard is releasing at this point
Imagine you're paying for one thing that Absvision Blizzard is currently releasing.
Imagine paying for a single thing Activision Blizzard churn out at this point
Imagine paying dollars for a single other thing Activision Blizzard still puts out at this point
Imagine paying for a single thing Activision Blizzard puts out of each point
8 Incredibly Stupid Hearthstone Combos youtu.be/cyiEUWZ6UuU @YouTube. 
8 Incredibly stupid Hearthstone combos youtu.be / cyiEUWZ6UuU @ YouTube.
8 Incredibly Stupid Hearthstone Combos youtu.be / cyiWZ6UuU @ YouTube.
8 Incredibly Stupid Hearthstone Combos project.be/cyiEUWZ6UuU G.
My 8 Incredibly Stupid Kids Hearthstone Party Combos with youtu. And be / cyiEUWZ6UuU in @YouTube.
25 Years Stupid Free Combos Repair.be/cyiEUWZ6UuU @YouTube.
"@PlayHearthstone a 1 Mana hero power that deals one damage makes a 1/1 token hero power that costs double absolutely not worth playing. Did you guys think about it when you made DH? That you took the most underpowered class
"@ PlayHearthstone a 1-Mana Hero Power that deals damage makes a 1 / 1 Hero Power that costs twice as much
@ PlayHearthstone 1 mana hero power that deals one damage makes 1 / 1 hero power that costs twice absolutely not worth playing.
"@PlayHearthstone a 1 Mana heroic power that deals one damage makes a K/1 token hero power that costs double absolutely not worth playing. Did you NOT think about it when you made DH? That mechanic took the most underpowered team
"@PlayHearthstone a 1 Mana hero power that deals one damage makes this a 1 / 12 1 token hero power that costs double are absolutely not worth playing. Did you guys think about it when you had made it DH? That why you took the most underpowered class
"@PlayHearthstone a 1 Mana hero power only deals one damage Its a 1/1 token hero power that costs double absolutely not for playing. Did only guys admit to that when guys made DH? Where you took the most underpowered class
"@PlayHearthstone the amount of disconnects and crashes while play BG on all PC
"@ PlayHearthstone the amount of separates and crashes while playing BG on all PCs
"@ PlayHearthstone the number of breaks and crash tests while playing BG on all PCs
"@PlayHearthstone the amount of disconnects that crashes while play<unk> on the PC
"@PlayHearthstone the amount any of disconnects and crashes while play BG on now all PC
"@PlayHearthstone the amount of delays and crashes while trying BG on all platforms
Does anyone have problem with Hearthstone logging on Asia server atm? I can't find anywhere about maintenance or something similar.
Does anyone have a problem with Hearthstone logging on Asian server ATMs? I can't find anything about maintenance or anything like that anywhere.
Does anyone have a problem keeping the Hearthstone log on the atm Asian server? I can't find any maintenance information or anything like that anywhere.
Does anyone share problem with Hearthstone logging on Asia server atm? I can't find anywhere suggesting maintenance or something similar.
Does... anyone have problem with Hearthstone of logging on their Asia server or atm? I can't find anywhere about maintenance assistance or something similar.
Does anyone hear problem with Hearthstone logging on Asia server atm? Have tried't find anywhere explaining maintenance or something similar.
Changing to f2p in hearthstone going forward as I’m just truly not enjoying it currently. Going back on a break again . 
The switch to f2p in Hearthstone is going ahead because I just don't really enjoy it at the moment.
"Switch to f2p at heartstone later on
Changing to f2p in hearthstone on forward as I’m just truly not at it currently. Going big on a break again.
Changing to f2p in hearthstone then going forward as I ’ m really just truly not enjoying wearing it currently. Going back on a no break route again.
Changing to lead from hearthstone going forward as I’m just truly quite enjoying it currently. Going back on beach break again.
"I was also looking forward to Galakrond’s Awakening for Hearthstone today! It’s live on PC but the mobile update for iOS isn’t out
"I was also looking forward to Galakron's Awakening for Hearthstone today! It's live on the PC
"I was also looking forward to the release of Galakrond Awakening for Hearthstone today! It's live on a PC
"I was somewhat looking forward to Galakrond’s Awakening for Hearthstone 2! It’s live on PC but the mobile update for PC isn’t done
"I was also looking forward to Galakrond ’ s Awakening for Hearthstone today! It ’ s live and on PC 2 but because the mobile update for Android iOS ever isn ’ t out
"play was also super forward to Galakrond’s Awakening for Hearthstone Online! It’s live on PC but the recent update for iOS isn’t out
Dont know if anyone  else  having this problem  but chapter two is bug  it freezes when it sends out that 5/6 minion to my side then it won't  switch to my turn. @PlayHearthstone pic.twitter.com/4ke1gFfCfK
"I don't know if anyone else has this problem
"I don't know if anyone else has such a problem
Dont know if anyone  else  having this problem  but chapter two is bug  it freezes when it sends out that 5/6 minion to my side then it won't  switch to my turn. RhandlerR pic.twitter.com/4ke1gFfCfK
the Dont know if anyone  else  having this problem  but chapter two is bug  it freezes when it sends out that 5/6 minion to my side then it won't  switch to my turn. RhandlerR pic.twitter.com/4ke1gFfCfK
you
Bloodboil brute is broken... fix it.  
High blood pressure is broken... fix it.
Bloody rudeness is broken... fix it.
Bloodboil 1 is broken... fix it.
The Bloodboil brute is broken... fix on it.
Bloodboil brute is broken... prove it.
how does anyone play standard in hearthstone thsi si so fucking bad lol
how does anyone play standard in hearthstone thsi si so fucking bad lol
how does anyone play standard in heartstone thsi so fucking bad lol
how does anyone play standard 6 hearthstone thsi si so fucking bad lol
how does making anyone play one standard game in hearthstone thsi si so fucking bad lol
How does anyone play standard time hearthstone thsi si so fucking bad lol
@PlayHearthstone I'm sorry no do not print glide the way it is that is not a card that belongs in hearthstone
"@ PlayHearthstone I'm sorry
@ PlayHearthstone I'm sorry no don't print slide like this is not a map that is in heartstone
@PlayHearthstone<unk> sorry no do not print glide the cards it is that is not a card that belongs in hearthstone
O @PlayHearthstone I'm m sorry no don't print to glide about the way it is that is not a card that belongs in your hearthstone
@PlayHearthstone I'm sorry no do not have glide the way it said that goes on a card that belongs in hearthstone
@playhearthstone Battlegrounds is busted and dull atm because of Demons. My suggested changes: Wrathweaver to tier 2. Possibly have it deal 2 to owner. Soul Juggler pings do 2 damage not 3.. Remove Floating Watcher entirely.. (Move Cobalt Guardian to tier 4 too while you're at it).
@ playhearthstone Battlegrounds is broken and boring because of demons at the ATM. My suggested changes: Wrathweaver on level 2. Maybe it needs to be assigned to the owner 2. Soul Juggler pings do 2 damage and not 3.. Remove Floating Watcher completely.. (Move Cobalt Watcher on level 4 as well while you are at it).
@ playheartstone Battlegrounds is butted and pull atm because of Demons. My proposed changes: Wrathweb to tier 2. Pfbly have it deal 2 to owner. Soul Juggler pings do 2 damage not 3.. Remove Floating Watcher entirely.. (Move Cobalt Guardian to tier 4 too while you're at it).
@playhearthstone Battlegrounds is busted and dull atm because of Demons. Some final changes: Wrathweaver to tier 2. Possibly have it deal 2 to 1. Soul Juggler pings do 2 damage not least Remove Floating Watcher entirely.. (Move Cobalt Guardian to tier 9 too while you're deleting it).
As @playhearthstone Battlegrounds It is heavily busted into and dull atm because much of Demons. A My suggested plan changes : Wrathweaver to tier 2. Possibly have it deal 2 to owner. Soul Juggler pings do 2 damage those not over 3.. Remove Floating Watcher World entirely.. ( Move Cobalt Guardian to tier 4 too while you're at it ).
<unk> Battlegrounds is busted and dull just because of Demons. My 4 changes: Wrathweaver to tier 2. Just have it deal heal to owner. Soul Bash pings doing 2 damage not damage.. Remove Battle Watcher entirely.. (Move Cobalt Eye to tier 4 too while you're at it).
"First 6699
"First 6699
"First 6699
"First 148
"and First 6699
"First 6699
hearthstone announcement videos always go so hard
Videos with heart announcement always go through so hard
Announcement videos are always so hard to come by
hearthstone announcement People always go so hard
hearthstone video announcement videos always go so hard
hearthstone announcement videos literally go so hard
"Are they going to address how badly they treat their employees? It’s like with Blizzard all over again
"It's like Blizzard all over again
"Are they going to decide how bad they're treating their employees? It's like Blizzard again
"Are they going to address how badly Blizzard treat their employees? More like with Blizzard all over today
"Are they going to address how goddamn badly they treat their former employees? Eight It ’ s been like with another Blizzard incident all over again again
"Are they going to address however badly they treat their employees? It’s dealing with Blizzard all over again
@PlayHearthstone can't pass Astromancer Arwyn 6/7 cuz Holy Smite now does 3 damage and not 2 :(
@ PlayHearthstone can't pass Astromancer Arwyn 6 / 7 because Holy Smite now deals 3 damage and not 2: (
@ PlayHearthstone can't pass Astromancer Arwyn 6 / 7 cuz Holy Smite now does 3 damage and not 2: (
@PlayHearthstone can't pass with Arwyn 6/7 cuz Ruby Smite now does 3 damage and not 2 :(
I @PlayHearthstone and can'i t pass Astromancer Arwyn 6 / 7 cuz no Holy Spirit Smite now does 3 damage and has not 2 : (
@PlayHearthstone a't pass Ash Arwyn 6/7 cuz Holy Smite R does 5 damage and missed 2 :(
@Blizzard_Ent yo what’s going on with Hearthstone?! I can’t connect
@ Blizzard _ Ent yo what's wrong with Hearthstone?! I can't connect
@ Blizzard _ Ent yo what's going on with Hearthstone?! I can't connect
@Blizzard_Ent yo... going on with Hearthstone?! I can’t connect
@Blizzard_Ent yo what ’... s going out on with Hearthstone?! I actually can ’ t exactly connect
@Blizzard_Ent yo what’s going out with Hearthstone?! people can’t take
[ 

[
[
[
in
Too greedy?.  
Too greedy?.
Too greedy?.
Too high?.
and Too greedy?.
so greedy?.
"Dear Hearthstone community
"Dear Hearthstone community
"Dear Hearthstone community
"Dear Hearthstone community
"A Dear Hearthstone family community
"Dear Hearthstone Potter
"Hey @PlayHearthstone
"Hey @ PlayHearthstone
"Hey @ PlayHearthstone
"Hey @PlayHearthstone
"Hey @PlayHearthstone
"Paul @PlayHearthstone
I wish @PlayHearthstone had told at the beginning of this year that they were planning a game mode that would include wild cards. I’ve disenchanted so many to keep up with ladder. Such a bummer man.
I wish @ PlayHearthstone had said earlier this year that they were planning a game mode that would include wild cards. I've let so many down to keep up with the ladder. Such a fool.
I wish @ PlayHearthstone had said earlier this year that they were planning a game mode that would include a wild card.
I wish @PlayHearthstone had told at the beginning of school year that they were planning a game cycle that would include downloadable cards. I’ve disenchanted so many to keep up with ladder. Quite a bummer man.
I wish Mrs @PlayHearthstone had not told her at the beginning of this year that they were planning a game mode system that would later include wild cards. I ’ u ve disenchanted so too many to keep up with ladder. Such a big bummer old man.
I wish somebody had told at the beginning of this interview that Greg planned planning a poker board that would include wild cards. I’ve disenchanted so many to keep up my ladder. Such a bummer man.
Tired: Hearthstone. Wired: pic.twitter.com/d54CFXhdnc
Tired: Hearthstone. pic.twitter.com / d54CFXhdnc
Tired: Hearthstone. Wired: pic.wikipedia.org / d54CFXhc
Tired: Hearthstone. Wired: pic.twitter.com/d54CFXhdnc
FM Tired: Hearthstone. Wired: pic.twitter.com/d54CFXhdnc
you
"C´mon @Blizzard_Ent
"C'mon @ Blizzard _ Ent
"C'mon @ Blizzard _ Ent
"C´mon @Blizzard_Ent
"C´mon @Blizzard_Ent
"a mon @Blizzard_Ent
"to the guy that keeps tryna hack my battle.net account you can fucking have it all you get is overshit
"to the guy who keeps tryna hack my battle.net account
"to the guy that keeps tryna hack my battle.net account you can fucking have it all you get is overshit
"to the party that keeps tryna hack that battle.net account you can<unk> have it all you get is overshit
"to the guy that that barely keeps tryna do hack my dirty battle. net Facebook account in you never can fucking have it all you get is overshit
"to the book He keeps tryna on my a.net account you just fucking have it nothing you get is overshit
@PlayHearthstone game crashing almost every turn on battlegrounds. Is unplayable right now.
@ PlayHearthstone game crashes almost every round on battlefields. Is currently unplayable.
@ PlayHearthstone is a game that breaks almost every move on the battlefield.
@PlayHearthstone game crashing around every turn on battlegrounds. Is unplayable right now.
@PlayHearthstone game crashing almost does every player turn on hostile battlegrounds. Is unplayable right over now.
@PlayHearthstone game crashing almost every turn on it. Is unplayable level up.
Time to blame Blizzard for a bad idea
Time to Blame Blizzard for a Bad Idea
It's Time to Blame Blizzard for Bad Idea
Time to blame Blizzard behind a bad idea
Time began to blame Blizzard for a bad idea
Time to use Blizzard for a bad idea
@PlayHearthstone when do you guys thinking to remove op AMALGADON from the game? It is so unfair
@ PlayHearthstone when do you think op AMALGADON should be removed from the game? It's so unfair
@ PlayHearthstone when do you guys thinking to remove op AMALGADON from the game? It is so unfair
@PlayHearthstone when do you guys thinking to remove op AMALGADON from that game? It seems so unfair
@PlayHearthstone... when do you mean guys say thinking to remove op company AMALGADON from the game? It is just so unfair
@PlayHearthstone when do you ever thinking to remove op AMALGADON from the game? Everyone is so hilarious
Anyone else seeing weird graphical artifacts in the portraits in @PlayHearthstone tonight where you opponent's portrait has these horizontal white lines going back and forth?  Really annoying.
Who else sees strange graphic artifacts in the portraits in @ PlayHearthstone tonight where the portrait of your opponent makes those horizontal white lines go back and forth? Really annoying.
"Does anyone else see the strange graphic artifacts on the portraits at @ PlayHearthstone tonight
Anyone else seeing weird graphical changes in the portraits in @PlayHearthstone tonight where your opponent's character has these horizontal white lines going back and forth?  Really annoying.
3 Anyone else seeing weird graphical artifacts in the portraits room in your @PlayHearthstone tonight where you opponent's portrait has seen these horizontal white lines going back and still forth? 8 Really annoying.
Anyone else seeing weird graphical artifacts in the portraits in @PlayHearthstone tonight where their opponent's portrait is these horizontal white lines moving right then forth? Really annoying.
PLEASE STOP  
PLEASE STOP
PLEASE START
PLEASE –
PLEASE OF STOP
PLEASE STOP
@BlizzardCS what’s going on with Hearthstone for iPad? I deleted the app then redownloaded and it is still saying to restart the app... any idea on when the patch will be live for iOS?
"@ BlizzardCS
@ BlizzardCS what's going on with Hearthstone for iPad? I delete the app then redownloaded and it is still saying to restart the app... any idea on when the patch will be live for iOS?
@BlizzardCS changes going on for Hearthstone for iPad? I deleted the app then redownloaded and it is still saying to suspend the app... any idea on when the patch will hit live for iOS?
@BlizzardCS what was ’ s going on wrong with The Hearthstone for iPad? I deleted the iPhone app then immediately redownloaded and it is still saying where to restart the app... any definite idea on when or the patch will be live for an iOS?
So what’s going on with Hearthstone for iPad? I deleted that app we redownloaded because iTunes is still saying to restart the app... any idea on when the patch will come live across iOS?
Nothing new today. New rank at Hearthstone. I played CS like everyday. I played Clash Royale like everyday. I was played Brawl Stars like everyday. God my life is so sad and boring.
"I played CS like every day. I played Clash Royale like every day. I was played Brawl Stars like every day. God
"Nothing new today. New title at Heartstone. I played CS like every day. I played Clash Royale like every day. I played Brawl Stars like every day. My God
Nothing new today. New rank at Hearthstone. I played Overwatch like everyday. I played Clash Royale like everyday. I was practicing Brawl Stars like everyday. God my life is so sad very boring.
Noah Nothing new today. New rank at Royal Hearthstone. I played CS like everyday. I played Cricket Clash against Royale like everyday. So I was played Brawl for Stars like almost everyday. Jesus God how my life is so sad and boring.
Nothing new today. New rank at Hearthstone. I played CS like everyday. I played Clash Titan alike everyday. I I played Soul Hunter like everyday. God my life goes so sad and boring.
i suck at hearthstone today i-
I suck at the hearth today.
i suck at heartstone today i-
i suck at hearthstone though i-
i suck at serving hearthstone today i -
i suck at school today i-
OWL really going downhill
OWL is going downhill
PLP really is going down
OWL team going downhill
As OWL really going downhill
be really going downhill
Dang Arena why you have to do Demon Hunter so dirty? .   
"Dang Arena
"Dang Arena
Dang Arena why you have to do Moonlight Hunter so dirty?.
Dang Arena why you have to do stupid Demon Hunter things so dirty?.
the dude why you have to do Demon Hunter so dirty?.
The @PlayHearthstone app is such trash now on iOS. I’ve lost multiple games due to connections. How am I ever suppose to get legend if that keeps happening...such bs
The @ PlayHearthstone app is now such rubbish on iOS. I've lost several games due to connections.
The @ PlayHearthstone app is such a thrash on iOS. I lost a few games because of connectivity.
The @PlayHearthstone app is such trash now on iOS. I’ve lost multiple commands due to connections. How am I ever suppose i get legend because that keeps happening...such bs
The main @PlayHearthstone app is such trash now residing on our iOS. I ’ ve lost multiple video games due strictly to connections. Now How possible am possibly I ever suppose to get legend if that keeps happening... such bs
The @PlayHearthstone app is such trash now on line. Recently lost multiple games due to connections. How was I ever suppose to get that shit that keeps going...such bs
@PlayHearthstone patch notes say we can preorder till the 5th but the bundles have been pulled from mobile shop and blizzard store won’t load?
"@ PlayHearthstone patch notes say we can pre-order until the 5th
@ PlayHearthstone notes that we can pre-order the 5th but phones have been removed from the mobile store and the store won't boot up?
@PlayHearthstone patch notes say we can wait till the 5th but the bundles have been pulled by mobile shop - blizzard store won’t load?
@PlayHearthstone patch notes say we can perhaps preorder till the January 5th but the spare bundles have been pulled from some mobile side shop and blizzard store which won ’ t load?
blizzard patch notes say we can preorder to the 5th but the bundles have been pulled from mobile sites and blizzard predictions won’t load?
"@PlayHearthstone Nothing better than wasting my entire break at work being stalled by rez priest
@ PlayHearthstone Nothing better than wasting my entire work break blocked by a priest. This archetype is stupid and boring.
"@ PlayHearthstone There is nothing better than waiting all my break from work because of being held back by a priest
"@PlayHearthstone was better than wasting my morning break at work being stalled by rez priest
"@PlayHearthstone Nothing better than wasting my entire break at work on being indefinitely stalled by rez rock priest
"@PlayHearthstone Nothing quicker than wasting my precious break at work being stalled with rez priest
Four Hearthstone cards you have no business loving as much as you do. pic.twitter.com/CfGlAKmzgZ
Four Hearthstone cards you don't love as much as you. pic.twitter.com / CfGlAKmzgZ
Four Hearthstone cards you don't like as much as you do. pic.facebook.com / CfGlAKmzgZ
Four Hearthstone cards you have no business loving as much as you do. pic.twitter.com/CfGlAKmzgZ
org Four Hearthstone cards you have no business loving as much as you do. pic.twitter.com/CfGlAKmzgZ
just
@BlizzardCSEU_EN Any logical reason why my hearthstone's broken? It's doing nothing (nor the Dalaran one)
@ BlizzardCSEU _ EN Any logical reason why my heart stone is broken? It does nothing (and neither is Dalaran).
@ BlizzardCSEU _ EN Any logical reason why my heart stone broke?
@BlizzardCSEU_EN Any logical reason why my hearthstone's broken? It's doing nothing (nor could only one)
@BlizzardCSEU_EN Any logical reason why my battered hearthstone's already broken? Only It'll s doing nothing ( nor the Dalaran a one )
@BlizzardCSEU_EN Any logical reason to the hearthstone's broken? Who's doing now (nor the Dalaran one)
@PlayHearthstone legit can you guys disable djinn ASAP. Only playing for one minion is as lame as it boring.  
@ PlayHearthstone legit you can disable guys Djinn ASAP. Just playing for a crony is as lame as it is boring.
@ PlayHearthstone legit can you guys disable djinn ASAP. Only playing for one minion is as lame as it boring.
@PlayHearthstone legit can you guys add drones ASAP. Only playing for one minion is as lame as it boring.
@PlayHearthstone legit can you think guys disable our djinn ASAP. Only playing for that one small minion player is as painfully lame as it boring.
@PlayHearthstone finally can do guys disable djinn here. Only playing for one minion is as lame now it boring.
"I don't care what anyone says
"I don't care what anyone says
"The first expansion of the year by Demon Hunter made Heartstone the worst game even after 10 nerves
"I don't care if anyone says
"I don't really care though what anyone says
"I don't care what anyone says
iPads crashing again .   
iPads crash again.
The iPad is roaring again.
iPads crashing by.
iPads back crashing again.
iPads crashing today.
"@PlayHearthstone the last update on Android has turned battlegrounds into trash. Everything is sped up way too much
"@ PlayHearthstone's latest update to Android has turned battlefields into garbage. Everything is accelerated way too fast
"@ PlayHearthstone The latest update to Android has turned the battlefield into a thrash. Everything accelerates too fast
"@PlayHearthstone the newest update on Android officially turned battlegrounds into deserts. Everything is sped up way too much
"Great @PlayHearthstone means the last update on Android has turned battlegrounds over into trash. Everything is sped and up way too goddamn much
"@PlayHearthstone the last title on Android has turned battlegrounds into garbage. Health is sped down way fucking much
I get screwed over so god damn much in hearthstone
m screwed up so goddamn much in the heartstone
I am being twisted like a hot rock.
I get screwed over so god damn much every hearthstone
I get screwed over so much god damn much in red hearthstone
will get screwed over so god damn much in hearthstone
Every time I see this same Hearthstone ad I lose a year off my life  
"Every time I see the same Hearthstone ad
"Every time I see the same Heartstone advert
Every time I see this same Hearthstone content I lose a year off my life
28 Every time I see this same Hearthstone ad I lose and a precious year off my life
Every time I see your same Hearthstone ad I eliminate a year off my life
@PlayHearthstone  when i kill reborn minion with flik skyshiv still trigger reborn??? what kind of bullshit is this?. . wherever they are? wtf? come on. literally unplayable pic.twitter.com/Sn674r06jG
@ PlayHearthstone if I kill reborn minion with flik skyshiv still trigger reborn??? what bullshit is this?.. wherever they are? wtf? coms. literally unplayable pic.twitter.com / Sn674r06jG
@ PlayHearthstone when I kill a reborn minion with skyshiv flick still call the reborn??? what bullshit is that?.
RhandlerR  when i kill reborn minion with flik skyshiv still trigger reborn??? what kind of bullshit is this?. . wherever they are? wtf? come on. literally unplayable pic.twitter.com/Sn674r06jG
The RhandlerR  when i kill reborn minion with flik skyshiv still trigger reborn??? what kind of bullshit is this?. . wherever they are? wtf? come on. literally unplayable pic.twitter.com/Sn674r06jG
have
Tonight in Discord streaming bad takes:. . My friend from home arguing that Monster Train has the same exact aesthetics as Hearthstone and therefore is nothing spectacular and deserves criticism.
Tonight in Discord you stream bad recordings:... My friend from home argues that Monster Train has the same exact aesthetic as Hearthstone and is therefore nothing spectacular and deserves criticism.
Tonight at Discord streaming bad takes:. My friend from home argues that Train has the same exact aesthetics as Heartstone and therefore is nothing spectacular and deserves criticism.
Tonight in Discord streaming bad ideas:.. My friend comes home arguing that Monster Train has the same exact aesthetics as Hearthstone and therefore is not spectacular and deserves criticism.
Tonight in a Discord streaming bad takes :.. My friend called from home arguing that The Monster Train has the same exact new aesthetics as Hearthstone and therefore here is nothing spectacular about and deserves serious criticism.
Tonight in this streaming bad takes:.. My friend from home remarks that Monster Train is exact same exact aesthetics as Hearthstone and therefore is not spectacular somehow deserves criticism.
@PlayHearthstone The brawl keeps crashing my app on the iPad and iPhone. It’s when I start the bobs tavern when I lost for the first time. Does anybody else have that problem
"@ PlayHearthstone The brawl keeps crashing my app on iPad and iPhone. When I start the Bob pub
@ PlayHearthstone Fight continues to break my iPad and iPhone app. This is when I start tabulating the beans when I lost the first time. Does anyone else have such a problem?
@PlayHearthstone The brawl keeps crashing my app on their mouse and iPhone. It’s when bad start the bobs tavern when I lost for the first time. Does anybody else see that problem
@PlayHearthstone The brawl keeps crashing my app on the iPad and iPhone. It ’ s when I start the bobs tavern... when I lost for win the first bad time. Does maybe anybody anywhere else ever have got that same problem
@PlayHearthstone The brawl keeps crashing its sleep on the iPad and iPhone. But once I start the bobs tavern when I laugh for the last time. Does anybody else have that problem
if priest is still disgusting I hold you responsible. Glhf
"if priest is still disgusting
"If the priest is still abhorrent
if priest is still disgusting I hold you up. Glhf
if priest flesh is still disgusting I hold you responsible. The Glhf
if someone says still disgusting I hold you responsible. Glhf
I think the one thing I hate about this game are the people who purposely wait until the rope counts down to do their turn.  
I think the only thing I hate about this game is the people who deliberately wait for the rope to count down to their turn.
I think the only thing I hate about this game is people deliberately waiting for the countdown to end to make their turn.
I think the one thing I hate about this game are the people there purposely wait until the rope counts over to do their turn.
I simply think the one little thing I hate about picking this game are the people who purposely wait until the rope counts down two to do me their turn.
I think the primary thing I hate about this film are the people whom purposely wait until the rope ties down to do their turn.
"Gotta quit riff
"I have to stop riffing
"Besides
"Gotta quit Hearthstone
"Gotta finally quit riff
"officially quit riff
I swear 90% of my last 30 matchups have been libram paladin... I can’t get anywhere with this nonsense  
I swear 90% of my last 30 encounters were Bibram-Paladin... I can't get on with this nonsense
I sweat 90% of my last 30 match balls have been libram paladin... I can't get away with this nonsense
I swear 90% of my final 30 matchups have been libram paladin... just can’t get anywhere with this nonsense
I swear by 90 % some of my last 30 matchups have actually been this libram of paladin... I can ’ t get anywhere with writing this nonsense
I think 90% of my only 30 pounds have been libram paladin... I can’t get bothered with this nonsense
".@PlayHearthstone logged back into the game for the first time in a long while. Working through npc matches
". @ PlayHearthstone has logged back into the game for the first time in a long time. While working through NPC games
". @ PlayHearthstone is back in the game for the first time in a long time. Working through npc matches
".@PlayHearthstone logged back into the game for very first time in a long while. Working using npc again
". as @PlayHearthstone logged back into the game for maybe the first time in but a long while.... Working through npc matches
".@PlayHearthstone jumped right into the game to the first time in a long while. Working out npc matches
What a shame? . .  
What a shame?..
What a shame.
What a shame?...
What a peculiar shame?..
What this shame?..
I'm calling it now: that new yogg-saron in hearthstone will be meta and people are gonna be really angry about it because it sounds absolutely miserable to play against
I'll call it now: this new yogg saron in the hearthstone is going to be meta and people are going to be really angry about it because it sounds absolutely miserable to play against.
I call it now: the new yogi saron in hot stone will be meta and people will be very angry with him because he sounds absolutely capable of playing against
I'm calling it now: that new yogg-saron in hearthstone will come meta and people<unk> gonna be really angry about it because it<unk> absolutely miserable to play against
I'm just calling for it now : that new yogg - saron in hearthstone play will be meta and people are gonna certainly be really angry about getting it because clearly it actually sounds absolutely miserable to play against
I'm doing it bullshit: that new yogg-saron in hearthstone will be meta and people are gonna be so angry about it because it feels absolutely miserable to write against
@Blizzard_Ent  
@ Blizzard _ Ent
@ Blizzard _ Ent
@Blizzard_Ent
J @Blizzard_Ent
are
Fucking imba this demon hunter
Fuck imba this demon hunter
"Damn
Fucking adore this demon hunter
Fucking imba this demon god hunter
Fucking imba<unk> demon hunter
This is not even fair. Guardian Druid. youtu.be/vRnEvnLcov8  
This is not even fair. Guardian Druid. youtu.be / vRnEvnLcov8
This is not even fair. Guardian Druiyoutu.be / vRnEvnLcov8
This are not even fair. Guardian News. youtu.be/vRnEvnLcov8
This is clearly not even considered fair. Guardian for Druid. v youtu. v be / vRnEvnLcov8
writing is not even right. Dragon Druid. youtu.be/vRnEvnLcov8
Rogue needs to be nerfed. Only doing quests in HS till they fix that class. Extremely frustrating to play against. @PlayHearthstone  
Only quests to complete in HS until they fix this class. Extremely frustrating to play against. @ PlayHearthstone
Only by doing a quest in HS till do they fix this class.
Rogue needs to be nerfed. Only doing quests in HS till they fix that list. Extremely boring to play against. @PlayHearthstone
Each Rogue needs to now be nerfed. Only doing quests in HS till... they fix that class. Extremely damn frustrating ones to even play against. @PlayHearthstone
really needs to have nerfed. Only doing quests in HS till they fix her class. Extremely frustrating to play against. Un
Man nothing makes me feel dumber than trying to play hearthstone
Man doesn't make me feel dumber than trying to play Herdstein
Nothing makes me feel stupider than trying to play the stumbling block
Man nothing leaves me feel dumber than trying to play hearthstone
I Man nothing once makes me feel dumber than trying to play hearthstone
Man nothing makes me feel dumber than how to change hearthstone
king shit 🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺
King's shit
king shit
king<unk> 🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺
king bastard shit [UNK]
king one <unk>
Hey! @PlayHearthstone WTAF?. I can’t get an opponent in ten minutes on Arena?! I’m certainly not going to sit here for an hour waiting. What’s up with your matchmaking system?? pic.twitter.com/pKlU0kflsI
Hello! @ PlayHearthstone WTAF?. I'm not going to get an opponent in ten minutes on Arena?! I'm definitely not going to sit here and wait an hour. What's wrong with your matchmaking system?? pic.twitter.com / pKlU0kflsI
Hey! @ PlayHearthstone WTAF?. I can't get an opponent in ten minutes on Arena?! I'm certainly not going to sit here for an hour waiting. What's up with your matchmaking system?? pic.Housing.com / pKlU0kflsI
Hey! RhandlerR WTAF?. I can’t get an opponent in ten minutes on Arena?! I’m certainly not going to sit here for an hour waiting. What’s up with your matchmaking system?? pic.twitter.com/pKlU0kflsI
S Hey! RhandlerR WTAF?. I can’t get an opponent in ten minutes on Arena?! I’m certainly not going to sit here for an hour waiting. What’s up with your matchmaking system?? pic.twitter.com/pKlU0kflsI
I
Hey @PlayHearthstone No Battle Passes. This is literally like how I feel about the stupid mandatory 9 wins to unlock the 3 free flavors of the month skins when ya'll do @PlayOverwatch No Thanks.
Hey @ PlayHearthstone No Battle Passes. That's literally how I feel about the stupid mandatory 9 wins to unlock the 3 free flavors of Skins of the Month if you're going to say no to @ PlayOverwatch.
Hey @ PlayHearthstone No Battle Passes. This is literally how I treat stupid 9 wins to unlock 3 free flyers of the month when I make @ PlayOverwatch No Thanks.
Hey @PlayHearthstone No Battle Passes. This is kinda like how I felt about the stupid mandatory 9 wins to unlock the 3 free flavors of the month skins when yo do @PlayOverwatch :) Thanks.
Hey @PlayHearthstone 1 No Battle Passes. This is literally funny like how badly I always feel about the stupid mandatory 9 round wins to unlock to the 3 extra free flavors of the month or skins when so ya'll do @PlayOverwatch No Thanks.
Hey @PlayHearthstone No Battle Passes. This is literally writing how I feel about the stupid single player wins who unlock the 3 free flavors of just three skins until ya'll do @PlayOverwatch No Thanks.
I'm really hoping Hearthstone has more than what we saw in those leaks. More of the same isn't fun and I just hope they fix the actual game...
I really hope that Hearthstone has more than what we saw in these leaks. No more of that is fun and I just hope that they fix the actual game...
I'm really hoping Hearthstone has more than what we saw in those leaks. More of the same isn't fun and I just hope they fix the actual game...
I'm really hoping Hearthstone has more than what we saw during those leaks. More of the same isn't fun and I just bet they fix the card game...
I'm really kinda hoping Hearthstone has more credibility than what we generally saw in with those other leaks. More of the same isn't fun and I just hope they fix you the actual poker game...
I'm really hoping Hearthstone has more than what customers saw in those leaks. More of the technology isn't fun and I honestly hope they expand the board game...
"@PlayHearthstone i tried many times login into my account
@ PlayHearthstone I've tried many times to log into my account but still the store won't open? Is it because covid? pic.twitter.com / 8C74A5bqOs
@ PlayHearthstone I've tried to log in to my account many times but the store won't open anyway?
"RhandlerR i tried many times login into my account
"0 RhandlerR i tried many times login into my account
an
"Since my Twitter is slowly dying due to inactivity anyways
"Since my Twitter is slowly dying anyway due to inactivity
"Since my Twitter is slowly dying of inaction anyway
"Since my Twitter is slowly dying due to inactivity anyways
"Source Since my Twitter is slowly dying due to inactivity anyways
you
"I think tonight was the worst single day of Hearthstone I've played
"I think tonight was the worst single day of Hearthstone I've ever played in terms of winning percentage. In the last three days - with the same deck - my WRs were 40%
"For the last three days - with the same deck - my WRs were 40%
"I think tonight was the worst single night of Hearthstone I've played
"I think tonight was the worst single day of Hearthstone I've played
"I think tonight was the worst single day under tilt I've played
I miss when Hearthstone was simpler
I miss when Hearthstone was easier
I miss when Hartstone was simpler
I miss when Hearthstone was …
I miss when his Hearthstone was simpler
I miss when Hearthstone was in
"This is bullshit
"This is shit
"This is bullshit
"This is bullshit
"This kid is bullshit
"my video special
Holy shit. Arena sucks now. Bring back all the dragons. 
Holy shit. Arena sucks now. Brings back all the dragons.
Holy crap. The arena sucks now.
Holy shit. Arena sucks now. Bring back on the dragons.
Holy shit. Arena work sucks now. Bring back all over the dragons.
Holy shit. Arena sucks now. Call back all our dragons.
Hearthstone PSA pure paladin is still terrible
Hearthstone PSA pure paladin is still terrible
PSA's Clean Paladin Is Still Terrible
Hearthstone PSA pure paladin zombies still terrible
To Hearthstone PSA pure paladin is still sounding terrible
Hearthstone PSA pure paladin<unk> still terrible
"Is it me or has @PlayHearthstone ""jumped the shark"". Too many nasty decks out there. Too many powerful cards. If I see someone playing a Priest
"Is it me or did @ PlayHearthstone ""jump the shark""? Too many unpleasant decks out there. Too many powerful cards. When I see someone playing a priest
"It's me or @ PlayHearthstone who ""jumped the shark."" Too much muck out there. Too many powerful cards. If I see someone playing Pust
"Is is me or has @PlayHearthstone ""jumped the shark"". Too many aggro decks are there. Too many powerful cards. If I see someone playing a Priest
"Is it just me or has @PlayHearthstone "" I jumped in the shark "". Too many potentially nasty poker decks out there. But Too many powerful cards. If I see someone playing a Priest
"Is it me or has @PlayHearthstone ""jumped the shark"". Too many nasty decks out there. Too numerous powerful ships. After I meet someone playing a Priest
"@PlayHearthstone On the mobile version I only get to see a message saying i need to update the game
"@ PlayHearthstone On the mobile version
"@ PlayHearthstone On the mobile version I only get to see a message saying i need to update the game
"@PlayHearthstone On the mobile device I sometimes get to see a message saying i need to update the application
"@PlayHearthstone On installing the Apple mobile version I often only get to also see a message below saying i need pause to update with the game
"@PlayHearthstone With the mobile version I only get to read a message saying i need to update the browser
"I've posted a lot of negative comments on the state of Hearthstone recently
"I've been posting a lot of negative comments about the state of Hearthstone lately
"I've written a lot of negative comments about the state of Hearthstone lately
"I've posted a lot of negative comments on the state of Hearthstone recently
"I've posted a lot again of negative comments all on the state of Hearthstone recently
"do've posted in lot of negative comments on the state of Hearthstone recently
@BlizzardCS I’ve been trying to get into @PlayHearthstone on iOS and it keeps taking me to the App Store to update even though I’ve installed the latest update-Both on iPad and iPhone. Can you help?
"@ BlizzardCS I tried to join @ PlayHearthstone on iOS
"@ BlizzardCS I tried to log in to @ PlayHearthstone on iOS and he keeps taking me to the App Store to update
@BlizzardCS I’ve struggled trying to get into @PlayHearthstone on iOS and iTunes keeps taking up to the App Store to update even though I’ve selected the latest update-Both on iPad and iPhone. Can you help?
@BlizzardCS I ’ should ve been trying to get input into @PlayHearthstone on my iOS and it really keeps taking me to the Microsoft App Mobile Store to update even though I must ’ ve installed earlier the latest update - 3 Both on iPad and iPhone. Can you maybe help?
started but been trying to get first @BlizzardCS on website and it keeps taking me to other App Store to update even though I’ve installed this latest update-Both in iPad and iPhone. Can you help?
Hearthstone made a vore card oh no pic.twitter.com/GCuyalO7hm
Hearthstone made a Vore card oh no pic.twitter.com / GCuyalO7hm
Hearthstone made a vore card oh no pic.wikipedia.org / GCuyalO7hm
Hearthstone made a vore card oh no pic.twitter.com/GCuyalO7hm
The Hearthstone made a vore card oh no pic.twitter.com/GCuyalO7hm
will
its actually impossible to win hearthstone games
It is actually impossible to win Herdsteinspiele
it's really impossible to win heartstone games
its actually impossible to win most games
its actually quite impossible to win hearthstone games
its actually impossible to win hearthstone games
"@PlayHearthstone  the meta sucks so many rng bs
"@ PlayHearthstone's meta sucks so many rng bs
"@ PlayHeartstone meta sucks up so much money
"@PlayHearthstone  the meta — so many rng bs
"To @PlayHearthstone the TV meta sucks so many rng bs
"@PlayHearthstone 3 meta sucks so many rng bs
Shadowverse  looks cool but it looks like hearthstone mean that I could get addicted to it and that’s the fear i fear
"Shadowverse looks cool
Shadowverse looks cool but it looks like heartstone means I could get a supplement to it and that's the fear I'm scared of
Shadowverse <unk> cool but it looks like hearthstone mean that I could get in to it and that’s the fear i fear
Shadowverse looks cool stuff but it looks like their hearthstone mean that no I could get addicted to it permanently and that ’ s the fear at i fear
Shadowverse looks dark but it looks with hearthstone mean that anything could get up to it and that’s the fear i fear
It's kinda like if Shigeru Miyamoto created Hearthstone but gave it a scary soundtrack.
"It's as if Shigeru created Miyamoto Hearthstone
"It's as if Siu Miyamoto created Hearthstone
It's kinda like after Shigeru Miyamoto created Hearthstone but gave it a scary soundtrack.
But It's written kinda like if Shigeru or Miyamoto created Hearthstone Man but gave it a scary soundtrack.
It's kinda interesting if Shigeru Miyamoto created Hearthstone then gave it a scary title.
Imagine a BILLION DOLLAR COMPANY (@Blizzard_Ent @PlayHearthstone ) fining someone $500. Again. BILLION DOLLAR COMPANY fining a player $500. Bad look .  pic.twitter.com/5RajCwgEEU
Imagine a BILLION DOLLAR COMPANY (@ Blizzard _ Ent @ PlayHearthstone) that imposes a $500 fine. Another BILLION DOLLAR COMPANY that fines a player $500. Bad look. pic.twitter.com / 5RajCwgEEU
Imagine LION DOLE COMPANY (@ Blizzard _ Ent @ PlayHearthstone) fining someone $500.
Imagine a BILLION DOLLAR COMPANY (RhandlerR RhandlerR ) fining someone $500. Again. BILLION DOLLAR COMPANY fining a player $500. Bad look .  pic.twitter.com/5RajCwgEEU
2 Imagine a BILLION DOLLAR COMPANY (RhandlerR RhandlerR ) fining someone $500. Again. BILLION DOLLAR COMPANY fining a player $500. Bad look .  pic.twitter.com/5RajCwgEEU
<unk>
Me:oh I've created a fantastic deck that synergize very well!. . Hearthstone: you want all your healers first? . . Me: what? No stop that.. . Hs: you want all your buffing spells next?. . Me: stop. . Hs: and now your at 10 hp you want your taunts?. . Me: why...
"Me: Oh
Me: oh I've created a fantastic deck that synergy very well!.. Hearthstone: you want all your healers first?.. Me: what? No stop that... Hs: you want all your busy spells next?. Me: stop... Hs: and now your at 10 hp you want your trails?.. Me: why...
Me:oh I've created 2 fantastic deck that synergize very well!.. Hearthstone: you want all your healers first?.. Me: what? No stop that... Hs: ya want all these buffing spells next?.. Me: stop.. Hs: and now your at 15 hp you want power burst?.. Me: stop
Me : oh I've created a fantastic deck games that synergize very well!.. Hearthstone : you want this all all your favorite healers first?.. Me : what? No stop that...... Hs : you want these all in your buffing spells next?.. and Me : stop.. Hs : and right now your at 10 hp you want your taunts?.. just Me : why...
Me:oh I've done a fantastic three that synergize very well!.. Hearthstone: you had all your moves first?.. Me: what? No stop on... Hs: you want all ones spell mechanics next?.. Me: stop.. Hs: and now your at 100 hp then want your taunts?.. Me: why...
"@PlayHearthstone The servers are not working and they keep kicking me and my friends out all
"@ PlayHearthstone The servers don't work and they kick me and my friends out all day long.. Not to mention the games I was able to play
"@ PlayHearthstone The servers are down and they keep kicking me and my friends all day long.. not to mention the matches I could play
"@PlayHearthstone The servers are not working
"@PlayHearthstone The servers are seriously not working and so they keep kicking me and my friends out all
"@PlayHearthstone The servers are still working because they keep kicking me and my friends aside all
".@PlayRuneterra really looking forward to those monthly balance updates
". @ PlayRuneterra is really looking forward to these monthly balance updates
"@ PlayRuneterra is really looking forward to those monthly balance updates
".@PlayRuneterra really looking forward to his monthly balance updates
". @PlayRuneterra really looking forward to those monthly balance updates
".@PlayRuneterra really seems forward to those monthly balance checks
"In multiplayer mode
"In multiplayer mode
"In multiplayer mode
"In multiplayer play
"In multiplayer mode
"In multiplayer mode
I made a stupid  . . Link .  youtu.be/scf03UZjBgk. . @Battlefield @YouTubeGaming https://t.co/0CTL1McQs7
I've done a stupidity.. link. youtu.be / scf03UZjBgk.. @ Battlefield @ YouTubeGaming https: / / t.co / 0CTL1McQs7
I made a stupid... Link. youtu.be / scfUZjBgk.. @ Battlefield @ YouTubeGaming https: / / www.co / 0CTL1McQs7
I made a stupid .. Link.  href.be/scf03UZjBgk.. gif [ https://t.co/0CTL1McQs7]
that I had made such a stupid.. s Link. youtu. would be / scf03UZjBgk.. a @Battlefield → @YouTubeGaming Z https://t.co/0CTL1McQs7 ]
shit is a mess.. is. from.be/scf03UZjBgk.. @Battlefield @YouTubeGaming *]
 
It is not the first time that the EU Commission has taken such a step.
"At the same time



I really don't fucking care EA  
I really don't care.
I really don't care.
I kinda don't fucking care EA
I really don't fucking care anymore EA
I really don't fucking fucking EA
Personal favorite single player: FO New Vegas. Favorite multiplayer: Battlefield 4 . . Happy  
Favorite Personal Singleplayer: FO New Vegas. Favorite Multiplayer: Battlefield 4.. Happy
Personal favorite: FO New Vegas.
Personal favorite MMO player: FO New Vegas. Favorite multiplayer: Battlefield 4.. Happy
Personal favorite single player : FO HQ New Vegas.... Favorite multiplayer : Mega Battlefield 4.. Happy
Personal favorite single video: FO New<unk>. Favorite multiplayer: Battlefield 4.. and
"Your servers have shrunk into another quarantine Saturday. 18 hours
"Their servers have shrunk into another quarantine Saturday. 18 hours
Your servers have moved to another quarantine Saturday. We cannot connect in Turkey for 18 hours.
"Your servers have migrated into another quarantine Saturday. 18 hours
"Your international servers have shrunk right into another UN quarantine Saturday. 18 hours
"Your servers have shrunk into another quarantine Saturday. Within hours
Battlefield 5 in 2020. WTF these bugs?!  
Battlefield 5 in 2020. WTF these mistakes?!
Battlefield 5 in 2020. WTF these bugs?!
Battlefield 5 in 2020. See these bugs?!
Battlefield Level 5 in 2020. To WTF these bugs?!
Battlefield 5 in 2020. WTF these plans?!
"@EAHelp I haven't been able to log on to Battlefield V on XBox One and a friend encountered the same issue. We just can't go in and data won't sync. However
"@ EAHelp I couldn't log into Battlefield V on XBox One and a friend had the same problem. We just can't go in and the data is not synced. But BF1
@ EAHelp I couldn't log in to Battlefield V on XBox One and a friend of mine did the same. We just can't log in and the data isn't synchronized.
"@EAHelp I haven't been able to log on to Battlefield V on XBox One and a friend encountered the functionality limitation. We just can't go in and data into sync. However
"@EAHelp I haven't been able not to log on to watch Battlefield V on your XBox One and a friend encountered the same issue. Perhaps We just can't go all in and data won't normally sync. But However
"@EAHelp I haven't even allowed to log on to Battlefield 4 via XBox One since a friend experienced the same issue. We just can't go in and just won't sync. However
@EAHelp Hi was booted from battlefield V game and now unable to go online. Seeing a few people on the subreddit say the same. Is there an issue with battlefield servers?
@ EAHelp Hello was booted from the Battlefield V game and can no longer go online. When I see how a few people on subreddit say the same: Is there a problem with Battlefield servers?
@ EAHelp Hi was booted from battlefield V game and now unable to go online. Seeing a few people on the subreddit say the same. Is there an issue with battlefield servers?
@EAHelp Hi was booted from battlefield V game and now unable to go online. Seeing a few things at the subreddit say the same. Is likely an issue with battlefield servers?
@EAHelp and Hi was booted from battlefield I V Online game and now unable but to go online. Seeing is a few people on the subreddit say now the same. What Is there an issue with battlefield III servers?
my servers was booted from battlefield V game and now unable to go online. Seeing a million people inside the subreddit say the obvious. Is there an issue facing battlefield servers?
Battlefield V is a boring mess
Battlefield V is a boring mess
Battlefield V - A Boring Mess
Battlefield V is mostly boring mess
Battlefield War V is a boring mess
Battlefield V is a boring crap
If this was posted a couple decades ago you’d think it’s a real war .  battlefield 1 is so un-real.
"If this was posted a few decades ago
"If it had been published a couple of decades ago
If this was even a 2 decades back you’d think it’s a real war.  battlefield 1 is so un-real.
If this was posted online a good couple decades or ago you ’ d think it ’ s not a real war. battlefield 1 is not so un - real.
If 2012 was posted 15 couple decades ago you’d think it’s about real war. battlefield 1 seemed so un-real.
"Getting these were rather easy
"It was relatively easy to get them
It was pretty easy to get them.
"Getting these included rather easy
"Getting these items were rather easy
"Getting these were rather handy
Battlefield 4 had a good DLC model
Battlefield 4 had a good DLC model
Battlefield 4 had a good DLC model
Battlefield also had a good DLC model
Battlefield 4 had a good DLC upgrade model
Battlefield 4 had another good DLC model
My list of 10 disappointing games:. . 1. Evolve . 2. Overwatch . 3. Fallout 4. 4. Battlefield 1. 5. Mass Effect Andromeda . 6. The Division . 7. Aliens Colonial Marines. 8. Mighty No.9. 9. Assassin Creed: Black Flag . 10. Halo 5
My list of 10 disappointing games: 1. Evolve. 2. Overwatch. 3. Fallout 4. Battlefield 1. 5. Mass Effect Andromeda. 6. The Division. 7. Aliens Colonial Marines. 8. Mighty No.9. 9. Assassin Creed: Black Flag. 10. Halo 5
My list of 10 disappointing games:... 1. Evolution. 2. Overwatch. 3. Fallout 4. 4. Battlefield 1. 5. Mass Effect Andromeda. 6. Division. 7. Aliens Color Marines. 8. Mithy No.9. Assassin Creed: Black For. 10. Halo 5
My list with 10 favorite games:.. 1. Evolve. 2. Overwatch. 3. Destiny 4. D. Battlefield 1. 5. Mass Effect Andromeda. 6. The Division. 07. Aliens Colonial Marines. 8. Mighty No.9. 9. Assassin 9: Black Flag. 10. Halo 5
Also My complete list of 10 disappointing games :.. 1. Black Evolve. 2. Overwatch. 3. Marvel Fallout 4. 4. Battlefield Hero 1. 5. Mass Effect X Andromeda. 6. The Division. Over 7. Aliens Colonial Marines. 8. So Mighty No. 9. 9. Assassin Creed : Black White Flag. Online 10. Halo 5
hit list to 10 disappointing games:.. 1. Eve. 4. Horizon. 3. Fallout 4. 4. Battlefield Rush. 5. Mass Effect Andromeda. 6. Joy Division. 7. Aliens Colonial Marines. 8. Mighty No.9. 9. Assassin 3: Black Flag. 10. Or 6
Unfair respawn   
Unfair Resurrection
An Unfair Respawn
Unfair terms
King Unfair respawn
<unk> respawn
I just bought the witcher 3 and battlefield 4 but they're both kinda boring. Should of just commissioned some hentai instead.
"I just bought Witcher 3 and Battleground 4
I just bought the witch 3 and battlefield 4 but they're both kinda boring. Should of just ordered some hentai instead.
I just bought the witcher 3 and battlefield respectively but they're both kinda cool. Should of just commissioned some hentai instead.
Instead I just still bought the witcher 3 and battlefield equipment 4 but now they're both kinda boring. Should of just commissioned some great hentai instead.
I just saw the witcher 3 and battlefield 4 but they're both kinda boring. Maybe have just made some hentai instead.
Battlefield V flopped so bad it’s not even funny
Battlefield V flopped so badly it's not even funny
Battlefield V failed so badly that it's not even funny
Battlefield V flopped so bad it’s not even relevant
Battlefield V still flopped so bad it ’ s probably not even funny
Battlefield V flopped so well it’s not even scary
Battlefield™ V - Not Doing This Again !!! - Stationary Streak youtu.be/UiYA4t5HqZc via @YouTube
Battlefield ™ V - Not Doing This Again!!! - Stationary Streak youtu.be / UiYA4t5HqZc via @ YouTube
Battlefield ™ V - Not Doing This Again!!! - Stationary Streak youtu.be / UiYA4t5HqZc via @ YouTube
Battlefield™ V - Not Doing This Again!!! - Stationary source t.be/UiYA4t5HqZc via Tumblr
1 [UNK] ： V - Not Doing This Day Again!!! - Full Stationary Right Streak of youtu. be / UiYA4t5HqZc is via @YouTube
is 4 - Not Doing Same Again!!! - Stationary From youtu.be/UiYA4t5HqZc Channel 4
The moment you quit  
The moment you stop
The Moment You Leave
The morning you quit
The awful moment you quit
The moment it quit
Battlefield V Campaign chapter 1 Those Bunkers are a pain in a ass. youtu.be/LxOVlg3Vz-Q
Battlefield V Campaign Chapter 1 These bunkers are a nuisance. youtu.be / LxOVlg3Vz-Q
Battlefield V Campaign chapter 1 Those Bunkers are a pain in a ass. youtu.be / LxOVlg3Vz-Q
Battlefield V Campaign chapter 8 Those Bunkers proved a pain in a ass. github.be/LxOVlg3Vz-Q
Battlefield V Campaign... chapter 1 Those Alpha Bunkers are a big pain in closing a ass. youtu. be / s LxOVlg3Vz - F Q
Battlefield V Campaign chapter 1 Those details are no pain up a ass. File.be/LxOVlg3Vz-Q
"TL;DR this game is not getting anymore content after the summer
"TL; DR this game is no longer satisfied after the summer
"TL; DR this game doesn't get any more content after the summer
"TL;DR this one is not getting anymore content after long summer
"TL ; 2 DR this game is not getting anymore content development after the summer
"TL;DR this game started not releasing anymore content after the summer
"Looks like DICE may be working on rolling back Grand Operations to the BF1 Operations setup w/ Battalions and cinematic intros.. . At this stage though... is it really worth it?. . Fine if you're going to do this 3 months after launch due to feedback
"Looks like DICE is working on bringing the Grand Operations back to the BF1 Operations setup with battalions and cinematic intros... At this stage though... is it really worth it?.. Well
"It looks like DICE may be working to roll back Grand Operations to configure BF1 Operations w / Battalions and cinematic intro... At this stage
"Looks like DICE may be working toward rolling back PvP Operations to the BF1 Operations setup w/ Battalions and cinematic intros... Leaving this stage though... is it really into it?.. Fine so you're going to do this 3 months after launch listening to feedback
"Looks like DICE may be working desperately on rolling back Grand Command Operations to the BF1 Chief Operations Headquarters setup to w / Battalions and cinematic intros... At this uncertain stage though... is getting it really all worth it?.. Fine if you're going to do this just 3 months after launch due largely to feedback
"Looks like WWE can be working on tying back Grand Operations to the BF1 Operations schedule w/ Battalions and subsequent intros... At this stage I... is it actually worth it?.. Fine if you're going to do action 3 years after launch due to feedback
Awwwwwe RIP my 21ks  
Awwwwwe RIP my 21ks
Awwwe RIP my 21ks
Awwwwwe RIP my friend
Awwwwwe RIP from my face 21ks
Awwwwwe RIP at 21ks
I really hate how team balance separates you from your friends in battlefield 4
I really hate how balance in the team separates you from your friends on Battlefield 4
I hate how the team balance separates you from your friends on the battlefield 4
I really hate how team balance separates you from your friends in Season 4
I so really should hate how team balance separates you from your friends in battlefield 4
I really understand how team balance separates you and your friends in battlefield 4
"Into the Janganoo
"In the Janganoo
"To Джангану
"Into the Janganoo
"See Into the Janganoo
In
"@EAHelp still cant be online in Battlefield V
"@ EAHelp can still not be online in Battlefield V
"@ EAHelp still cant be online in Battlefield V
"@EAHelp still will be online in Battlefield V
"@EAHelp still cant always be online in Pokémon Battlefield V
"@EAHelp still wanna be online is Battlefield V
Its been so damn long.  
It was so damn long ago.
It's been such a hell of a long time.
Its gone so damn long.
Its had been so damn long.
it been so damn long.
Playing the  

Playing the
Playing Green
To Playing the
said the
 
It is not the first time that the EU Commission has taken such a step.
"At the same time



Death at Sea  
Death at Sea
Death at Sea
Death and Sea
Death Down at Sea
Death at Scott
@EAHelp Hackers continue to make money from stolen accounts on Battlefield 4 servers pic.twitter.com/HIdWDk5sxY
@ EAHelp hackers continue to make money with stolen accounts on the Battlefield 4 servers pic.twitter.com / HIdWDk5sxY
@ EAHelp Hackers continue to make money from stolen accounts on Battlefield 4 servers pic.wikipedia.org / HIdWDk5sxY
RhandlerR Hackers continue to make money from stolen accounts on Battlefield 4 servers pic.twitter.com/HIdWDk5sxY
The RhandlerR Hackers continue to make money from stolen accounts on Battlefield 4 servers pic.twitter.com/HIdWDk5sxY
<unk>
Almost 2 years after launch and 1 cancelled game later BFV still doesn’t have the Chauchat in MP even though it’s fully functional in the Campaign... touché beyond the wire putting one nail in the coffin at a time  
"Almost 2 years after the start and 1 cancelled game later
"Almost 2 years after its launch and 1 cancelled match later
Almost 2 years after launch and 1 cancelled game later BFV still doesn’t have the balance in MP even though being fully functional in the Campaign... thus beyond the doubt putting one nail in the coffin at a time
Almost 2 years after the launch and about 1 cancelled 3D game later BFV 3 still doesn ’ t have the name Chauchat used in MP even though nowadays it ’ s fully functional in the Campaign... touché beyond the touch wire putting one nail nail in the coffin ten at a time
Almost 2 years after launch and 3 cancelled season later BFV still now have game same in MP even though it’s fully functional in Ghost Campaign... touche beyond every wire putting one nail in the coffin at a time
Battlefield 1 is such a badass game. Never touched Battlefield V and dont plan on it
Battlefield 1 is such an evil game. Never touched Battlefield V and not planned on it
Battlefield 1 is such a badass game. Never touched Battlefield V and dont plan on it
Battlefield 1 is such a badass game. I touched Battlefield V and dont plan on it
Battlefield 1 is such a badass game. And Never touched Battlefield Level V again and absolutely dont plan on it
Battlefield 1 looked such a fun game. Never touched Sky V and dont plan on it
Holy shit lol  
Holy shit lol
Holy shit lol
Holy Trinity lol
Holy little shit lol
is shit lol
Can we get Battlefield 3 and 4 remastered please? And also Battlefield Bad Company 1 and 2?
"Can we get Battlefield 3 and 4 revised please
Can we get Battlefield 3 and 4? And Battlefield Bad Company 1 and 2?
Can we get Battlefield 5 and 4 remastered please? And also Battlefield Bad Company 1 and 4?
etc Can we get Battlefield 3 and 4 the remastered copies please? As And also Battlefield Bad Company 1 and 2?
Can we get Battlefield 3 and 4 remastered please? And also Battlefield Bad<unk> 1 & 3?
Server still dead? When are they going to be brought online again? (Spoiler alert: soon!)  
Servers still dead? When will they be put online again? (Spoiler alert: soon!)
When will they be online again? (Spoiler alert: soon!)
Server players dead? When are they going and be brought online again? (Spoiler alert: soon!)
Server phones still long dead? When are they going to be brought right online again? ( Spoiler alert : See soon! )
Forensic Services dead? When are they going to be brought again again? (Spoiler alert: soon!)
"@EAHelp hello
"@ EAHelp hello
"@ EAHelp hello
"@EAHelp hello
"@EAHelp hello
"@EAHelp hello
So sadly my Xbox one disk drive has finally given up . . I can still play my digital titles I just can’t play games from my physical collection or blu rays . . I’ve had it since launch week when I got it with battlefield 4 . . It’s a sad evening indeed . . .  
"I can still play my digital titles
"So
So sadly my Xbox gaming disk drive has finally given up.. I can still play my game titles now just wanna play games from my physical collection or blu rays.. I’ve had it till Christmas week when I got it with battlefield 4.. It’s a sad evening indeed...
So sadly my average Xbox just one disk game drive has finally given up.. I can can still play my digital titles I just can ’ t play games from my own physical collection or blu rays.. I ’ ve had it since its launch week when I got on it loaded with battlefield 4.. It... ’ s a bloody sad evening indeed...
So now my Xbox one game drive has finally given away.. I can still play my Xbox games I just not play games from a music collection or blu rays.. I’ve hated it since this week when I got it with battlefield 4.. It’s a sad evening indeed...
"With PS4 there was a relatively global launch
"With the PS4 there was a relatively global launch
"With the PS4 was a relatively global launch
"With PS4 there was a relatively global launch
"With PS4 rights there up was such a relatively global launch
"With PS4 there was not relatively global difference
I have noticed streamers I watch who are now playing other games other than Battlefield V are more relaxed as well as having a better state of mind.  Has Battlefield V really had such a impact on peoples mental health?  It seems so.   
I have observed that streamers who now play games other than Battlefield V are more relaxed and in a better state of mind. Did Battlefield V really have such an impact on people's mental health? It seems so.
"I have noticed that the streamers I watch
I have noticed streamers I watch who are now playing other games other that Battlefield V are more relaxed very well as having a better state of mind.  Has Battlefield V really had such a impact on this mental health?  It seems impressive.
I have noticed streamers I watch who are now playing doing other similar games other than in Battlefield V that are more relaxed as well as having a better state up of mind. Has my Battlefield V really had actually such a major impact though on peoples mental health? It seems so.
you have noticed many at watch who are now sporting other games other than Cry V are becoming relaxed as well as having a better state of mind. Has Battlefield V really had such considerable impact on peoples mental health? It seems so.
Friends: go buy Battlefield 1 to play with us! It will be fun!. Me: aight!. BF1 be like: worst f*cking piece of trash ever!. Me: you won't make me buy any other shit!. Friends: go buy Division 2 to play with us! It will be fun!. Me: aw sh*t! Here we go again!
Friends: Buy Battlefield 1 to play with us! It will be fun!. Me: aight!. BF1 will be like: worst shit ever!. Me: You won't make me buy any other shit!. Friends: Buy Division 2 to play with us! It will be fun!. Me: aw sh * t!
Friends: go buy Battlefield 1 to play with us! It will be fun!. Me: aight!. BF1 be like: worst f * cking piece of trash ever!. Me: you won't make me buy any other shit!. Friends: go buy Division 2 to play with us! It will be fun!. Me: aw sh * t! Here we go again!
Friends: go grab Battlefield 1 to play with us! It will be fun!. Me: aight!. To be like: worst f*cking piece a trash ever!. Me: you won't make me buy any other shit!. Friends: there buy Multiplayer 2 to play with us! That will be fun!. Me: aw sh*t! Here we go again!
Friends : go buy Battlefield 1 to play with us! It surely will be fun!. Me : aight!. BF1 be like : worst no f * k cking piece block of trash game ever!. Me : you won'e t make Uncle me buy any other shit!. Friends : go buy Division 2 2 to play with us! It... will definitely be fun!. Me : aw sh * t! Here we go again!
Friends: go buy Battlefield 1 to his real team! It will be fun!. Me: aight!. BF1 be like: worst f*cking piece of trash ever!. Me: they won't have me watch you other shit!. Friends: come buy Division 2 of play with us! It will show fun!. Me: aw sh*t! Here we go again!
Ross rifle is INSANE  . . Full vid: youtu.be/gLxg_jG5SaE https://t.co/yQFjbZA5aC
Ross gun is INSANE.. Full video: youtu.be / gLxg _ jG5SaE https: / / t.co / yQFjbZA5aC
Ross ribbit is INSANE.. Full vid: youtu.be / gLxg _ jG5SaE https: / / Fenco / yQFjbZA5aC
Ross here is INSANE .. < vid: test.be/gLxg_jG5SaE https://t.co/yQFjbZA5aC]
Ross rifle is by INSANE.. Full name vid : youtu. to be / p gLxg _ no jG5SaE v https://t.co/yQFjbZA5aC ]
the short film INSANE.. Full vid: youtu.be/gLxg_jG5SaE []
"Battlefield V fans who failed history are mad that the game has women in it theverge.com/2018/5/24/1738… via @Verge okay I know this is a two year old tweet buts that's really dumb because Wanda Gertz was a polish soldier and this scene has nothing to do with Poland
"Battlefield V fans who have failed in history are crazy that the game has women in it theverge.com / 2018 / 5 / 24 / 1738... via @ Verge okay I know this is a two year old tweet but this is really stupid because Wanda Gertz was a Polish soldier and this scene has nothing to do with Poland
"Battlefield V fans who have failed in history are crazy that there are women in the game theverge.com / 2018 / 5 / 24 / 1738... via @ Verge okay I know it's a tweet from two years ago that is really stupid because Wanda Herz was a Polish soldier and this scene has nothing to do with Poland
"Battlefield V fans who failed history are mad yes the game has women in Afghanistan theverge.com/2018/5/24/1738… via @Verge<unk> I know this became a two year old tweet buts that's really dumb because the Gertz was a polish soldier and this scene has nothing and begin with Poland
"Battlefield V fans who never failed in history are simply mad that the modern game has women in play it © theverge. com / 2018 / 5 / 24 / 1738 … Yours via @Verge okay I know this is a nice two year old tweet buts that's really dumb because Wanda Gertz was a polish looking soldier and this scene obviously has nothing to do with Poland
"Battlefield V fans who read history be mad if the game has women doing it fucking.com/2018/5/24/1738... via here okay I know this is also two year old trailer buts that's really dumb because Wanda Gertz has a polish soldier and this scene has nothing to do with Poland
@NiklasAstrand Hey i was hoping you can help i reported a bug regarding the globetrotter on battlefield v but no update has been given about a fix or patch ?
"@ NiklasAstrand Hey I was hoping you can help me
"@ BasAHey I hoped you could help me
@NiklasAstrand > i was hoping you would help i reported a bug regarding the globetrotter on battlefield v but no update has been given promising a fix or patch?
@NiklasAstrand Hey i was hoping you can use help i got reported with a bug regarding improving the globetrotter attacks on battlefield v but no update anything has been ever given about a fix or patch?
admin Hey i seriously hoping you can help i reported a bug regarding the damage on battlefield 2 but no response has been given about a fix or patch?
"Huh
"Huh
"Haha
"Huh
"Huh
"Huh
LEGO WWII Rotterdam Cathedral Ruins from  
LEGO ruins of Rotterdam Cathedral from World War II
LEGO WII Rotterdam Catholics from
LEGO WWII Rotterdam Cathedral Still from
LEGO WWII Rotterdam Amsterdam Cathedral Park Ruins from
LEGO D Rotterdam Cathedral Ruins from
"Uh oh
"Er oh
"Ah
"Uh oh
"Like Uh oh
"Uh no
Tell me why one of my favorite things in Battlefield V is building the fortifications . 
Tell me why one of my favorite things about Battlefield V is the construction of the fortifications.
Tell me why one of my favorite things about Battlefield V is building fortifications.
Tell me why one of my favorite things in Battlefield V is building the ship.
Tell of me why maybe one really of my favorite things in Battlefield V is building the fortifications.
Tell me why one of his favorite achievements in Battlefield 3 is building the fortifications.
I still suck a multiplayer Battlefield V . 
I'm still sucking up a multiplayer Battlefield V.
I still suck a multiplayer Battlefield V.
I still play a multiplayer Battlefield V.
Sometimes I still suck a multiplayer Battlefield V.
I still suck after multiplayer Battlefield V.
"Sorry
"Sorry
"Sorry
"Sorry
"Sorry
"old
RIP Battlefield V
RIP Battlefield V
RIP Battlefield V
RIP Battlefield 3
RIP 6 Battlefield V
RIP Battlefield Heart
amazingly bad yes
Amazingly bad yes
"Surprisingly bad
amazingly simple yes
amazingly bad that yes
a bad yes
@EA_DICE Battlefield V multiplayer has major balancing issues. It's just not even fun to play anymore.
@ EA _ DICE Battlefield V Multiplayer has big balance problems. It's not even fun to play anymore.
@ EA _ DICE Battlefield V multiplayer has serious balancing problems.
@EA_DICE Battlefield V multiplayer has numerous balancing issues. It's just not even intuitive to play anymore.
@EA_DICE Battlefield V and multiplayer has major balancing point issues. It's suddenly just not quite even fun to play anymore.
@EA_DICE Battlefield V multiplayer encountered incredible balancing issues. It's really not even fun to play anymore.
Just got hit by the ‘stuck in dead state’ @Battlefield V bug on PS4. Hard to credit that a triple-A title still has such an egregious bug.
"I've just been hit by the ""stuck in dead state"" @ Battlefield V bug on the PS4. It's hard to admit that a Triple-A title still has such an egregious bug."
"Just got stuck in @ Battlefield V error on PS4. To be fair
Just got hit by the ‘stuck in dead state’ @Battlefield V bug on PS4. Hard to credit that our triple-A title pack has such incredibly egregious bug.
Just barely got hit by the system ‘ stuck in dead state as ’ @Battlefield V A bug on PS4. And Hard to credit that although a triple - A games title still has such an egregious transmission bug.
Just gave hit to the ‘stuck in red state’ @Battlefield V hack on PS4. Hard of credit that a triple-A title still has such potentially egregious bug.
Disrespect to Call of Duty . 
Disrespect to Call of Duty.
Disrespect to Call of Duty.
Disrespect to Call of Women.
Disrespect to Call... of Duty.
Disrespect for Call of Duty.
@EAHelp why is my EA account telling me it’s  invalid? Why won’t you let me play Star Wars Battlefront 2 or Battlefield V? Why haven’t you resolved this issue yet? Why do you not want me play EA games?
@ EAHelp Why does my EA account tell me that it is invalid? Why don't you let me play Star Wars Battlefront 2 or Battlefield V? Why haven't you solved this problem yet? Why don't you want me to play EA games?
@ EAHelp Why is my EA account telling me it's invalid? Why won't you let me play Star Wars Battlefront 2 or Battlefield V? Why haven't you solved the problem yet? Why don't you want me to play EA games?
@EAHelp So is my EA Player telling me it’s  invalid? Why won’t you let me play Halo Wars Battlefront 2 or Battlefield V? Why haven’t you resolved this issue yet? Why did you not want me into EA games?
Because @EAHelp why why is my EA account telling me it ’ s invalid? Or Why won ’ t you actually let me already play Star Wars Battlefront 2 or Battlefield America V? Why haven ’ t you completely resolved this issue yet? Why do you clearly not already want me play EA reality games?
@EAHelp why is my EA game finding me it’s impossible? Why won’t you let me play Star Wars Battlefront 2 or Battlefield 6? Why haven’t someone resolved this online yet? Why would you not want me into EA games?
"No
"No
"No
"No
"No
"No
"@EAAccess @EAHelp on Xbox one and I can no longer load EA Access app
"@ EAAccess @ EAHelp on Xbox One and I can no longer download the EA Access app
"@ EAAccess @ EAHelp on Xbox One and I can no longer load EA Access app
"@EAAccess @EAHelp on Xbox one... I can no longer load EA Access app
"@EAAccess @EAHelp on an Xbox one and currently I can no longer load EA Home Access app
"@EAAccess @EAHelp my Xbox 1 and game can no longer load EA Access app
Battlefield 4 was my favorite
Battlefield 4 was my favorite
Battlefield 4 was my favorite
Battlefield 4 was my highlight
Battlefield 4 Bad was my favorite
Battlefield 4 was my high
"so  . Kind of leaves a bad taste in my mouth
"So. The way it leaves a bad taste in my mouth
"leaves a bad taste in his mouth
"so . Kind of leaves a bad breath in my mouth
"More so. Kind of leaves with a bad taste in my mouth
"so. Kind really leaves a bad taste in my mouth
"@UE_UpperEchelon can you do a story on EA/Dice Battlefield V abysmal state after over a year out and still no anticheat
"@ UE _ UpperEchelon you can write a story about EA / Dice Battlefield V after more than a year off and still without anticheat
"@ UE _ Upperhelon can you do a story on EA / Dice Battlefield V abysmal state after more year out and still no anticheat
"@UE_UpperEchelon could<unk> do a story that EA/Dice Battlefield V abysmal state after over a year out and has no anticheat
"@UE_UpperEchelon can you do a story update on EA / Dice Battlefield V abysmal state after over about a year out and still no anticheat
"@UE_UpperEchelon can you do a story on EA/Dice Battlefield the mission state after over a year out and still no success
 
It is not the first time that the EU Commission has taken such a step.
"At the same time



An unrivaled analysis of Battlefield V's fundamental problems by the one and only @MarbleDuck.. . youtube.com/watch?v=LgGq5p…
An unrivalled analysis of the basic problems of Battlefield V by the only @ MarbleDuck... youtube.com / watch? v = LgGq5p...
Unrivaled analysis of Battlefield V's fundamental problems by the one and only @ MarbleDuck... youtube.com / watch? v = LGGq5p...
An unrivaled analysis of Battlefield V's fundamental problems including the one and one Microsoft. youtube.com/watch?v=LgGq5p…
An unrivaled analysis of US Battlefield V'S s fundamental problems described by the number one and now only @MarbleDuck... is youtube. com / desktop watch? v = 45 LgGq5p …
truly unbiased handling of Battlefield V's fundamental capabilities by the only or only @MarbleDuck... youtube.com/watch?v=LgGq5p...
"@EA_DICE I'm trying to get the F2000 in Battlefield 4 but it's impossible
"@ EA _ DICE I'm trying to get the F2000 in Battlefield 4
"@ EA _ DICE I'm trying to get the F2000 in Battlefield 4 but it's impossible
"@EA_DICE I'm trying to get the F2000 in Battlefield 4 but it's impossible
"@EA_DICE I'r m trying to get the F2000 in Battlefield 4 but it'h s impossible
"that I'm trying to get the bow in Season 4 but it's impossible
battlefield 1 was [probably the last good game from EA tbh
Battlefield 1 was [probably the last good game of EA tbh
battlefield 1 was [probably the last good game from EA tbh
battlefield 1 was [probably the last good developer from EA tbh
Your battlefield 1 was [ probably the only last good game from EA tbh
Wars 1 was [probably the very good game from EA tbh
"BF6 modern era
"BF6 modern era
"BF6 is the modern era
"BF6 modern era
"BF6 modern era
"BF6 modern era
Collateral with the revolver is so satisfying . . .  . . youtu.be/_qUo1_RGhBM
Collateral damage with the revolver is so satisfying... youtu.be / _ qUo1 _ RGhBM
Collateral with the revolver is so satisfying..... youtu.be / _ qUo1 _ RGhBM
Collateral with the revolver is so satisfying.<unk>. . // youtu.be/_qUo1_RGhBM
No Collateral with fucking the revolver is so fucking satisfying..... youtu. ll be / _ qUo1 _ 8 RGhBM
Collateral with the usual not so simple..... because.be/_qUo1_RGhBM
Not Battlefield 1 slander on the tl. pic.twitter.com/bZYZ5a5FPj
Not Battlefield 1 libel in tl. pic.twitter.com / bZYZ5a5FPj
Not Battlefield 1 is maligned on twitter.com / bZYZ5a5aj
Not Battlefield 1 slander on the tl. pic.twitter.com/bZYZ5a5FPj
E Not Battlefield 1 slander on the tl. pic.twitter.com/bZYZ5a5FPj
It
Battlefield V is a trash game that deserves to die and be forgotten!
Battlefield V is a trash game that deserves to die and be forgotten!
Battlefield V is a thrash game that deserves to die and be forgotten!
Battlefield V is a trash game which deserves to die and be forgotten!
Battlefield 4 V Games is a trash game that deserves to die and must be forgotten!
Battlefield V is a trash game that allows to wait and be forgotten!
Is battlefield 1 a good game to purchase and why?  
Is Battlefield 1 a good game and why?
Is Battlefield 1 a good game to buy and why?
Is battlefield 1 the good game to purchase and why?
Is battlefield 1 also a good game to purchase... and why?
Is battlefield 1 a wonderful game to purchase and why?
Battlefield 5: LS-26 STILL AWESOME – BF5 Multiplayer Gameplay youtu.be/OlMSTBiOFeA via @YouTube  
Battlefield 5: LS-26 STILL AWESOME - BF5 Multiplayer Gameplay youtu.be / OlMSTBiOFeA via @ YouTube
Battlefield 5: LS-26 STILL AWESOME - BF5 Multiplayer Gameplay youtu.be / OlMSTBioFeA via @ YouTube
Battlefield 5: 12-26 STILL Hot in BF5 Multiplayer Gameplay youtu.be/OlMSTBiOFeA via @YouTube
Battlefield Battle 5 : LS - 10 26 2 STILL AWESOME 4 – 1 BF5 The Multiplayer Gameplay youtu. to be / OlMSTBiOFeA released via Adobe @YouTube
<unk> 5: LS-26 STILL AWESOME – BF5 Match Color Player.be/OlMSTBiOFeA Tag Red
"@EAHelp i cant seem to get online to play @Battlefield. I can play other online games
"@ EAHelp I can not go online to play @ Battlefield. I can play other online games
"@ EAHelp i cant seem to get online to play @ Battlefield. I can play other online games
"@EAHelp i dont seem to get online to play @Battlefield. I can play some online lol
"@EAHelp i cant seem to never get online to play @Battlefield. I can probably play like other online games
"day i cant seem<unk> get online video play game. They can play other online games
Fail .   
Failure.
Fail.
Fail over
Name Fail.
to.
Update: I did not do this. . I played battlefield 4 instead. Which was a mistake.
"Update: I didn't do that... instead I played Battleground 4
": I didn't do it... Instead
Update: I forgot not do this.. I played battlefield 4 instead. That was a mistake.
Update : I did not do this.. I merely played open battlefield Fortress 4 instead. Which answer was a mistake.
Update: I will not do this.. Just played battlefield 4 instead. Which was a huge.
they announced a battlefield 3 remaster instead of bad company 3. . its like DICE wants to LOSE money
"They announced a Battlefield 3 remaster game instead of ""Bad Company 3..."" it's like DICE wants to lose money."
they have declared a battleground 3 instead of a bad company 3... like DIKE wants to lose money
they announced a battlefield 3 remaster instead of rem der 3.. its like DICE wants to LOSE money
they just announced a new battlefield 3 remaster instead of bad company page 3.. its going like DICE wants to take LOSE money
they announced a the 3 remaster instead of bad company 3.. its said DICE wants to LOSE a
"No one buy battlefield 3 on steam! It doesn’t have an app
"No one buys Battlefield 3 on steam! It doesn't have an app
"No one buys a Battlefield 3 for a couple! It doesn't have an app
"No one buy battlefield 3 for steam! It doesn’t have an app
"No one buy battlefield 3 on plain steam! com It doesn really ’ aren t have an app
"No one buy battlefield 3 on steam! HP doesn’t have its app
7years already! Truely one if the best games ever made . 
7 years already! Truly one of the best games ever made.
It's been 7 years! Truly one of the best games ever made.
7years already! Truely one if the best games ever played.
Then 7years already! ‖ Truely one if the best football games ever made.
7years already! If one if the previous games ever made.
Why the fuck is NOBODY playing Rush on Battlefield 4 on PS4?
Why the hell is NO ONE playing Rush on Battlefield 4 on PS4?
Why the fuck is NOBODY playing Rush on Battlefield 4 on PS4?
Why the hell is NOBODY playing Rush on Battlefield 4 on PS4?
Why why the fuck is NOBODY playing Silver Rush on Battlefield 4 on a PS4?
Why the heaven<unk> NOBODY playing Rush on Battlefield 4 on PS4?
Battlefield 4 literally had no good maps on launch how tf did people play that shit
"Battlefield 4 literally had no good cards when it started
Battlefield 4 literally had no good cards to run as tf people played this crap
Battlefield 4 literally featured no good maps on launch how tf did people play that shit
Battlefield 4 literally had no real good maps out on launch meaning how tf did people play that shit
Battlefield 4 literally had no free maps on launch how tf<unk> people play that shit
"As per government they banned these apps for data security..really? Government (mygov.in) itself had it's verified account on various chinese app..like Tiktok
"According to the government
"As for the government
"As per government they banned these applications for data security..really? Their ly.in) version had it's verified account on various android app..like Tiktok
"names As something per a government rule they banned these apps just for data security.. really? Government ( mygov. in ) in itself once had it's verified account on some various chinese app.. name like Tiktok
"there own request they banned the apps and data usage..really? Government (mygov.in) itself had it's verified account on various chinese app..like Tiktok
jude really be hating me for playing pubg 🥺🥺🥺🥺
Jude really hates me for playing the pub
Jude really be hating me for playing pubg
jude really be hating me already playing this 🥺🥺🥺🥺
jude really be in hating me for playing pubg here [UNK]
jude really be hating me not playing them <unk>
@PUBG PLEASE SORT OUT THE GAME CRASHES!
@ PUBG PLEASE SORT THE GAME CROSS!
@ PUBG PLEASE SORT OUT THE GAME CRASHES!
@PUBG TO SORT OUT THE GAME CRASHES!
THE @PUBG PLEASE TO SORT OUT ON THE GAME ONE CRASHES!
@PUBG PLEASE SORT OUT AND NEWS CRASHES!
How is banning  
What is the ban like?
How does this happen?
How is that
How far is banning
How is Lucy
"PROFESSIONAL PLAYERS WERE GRINDING DAY AND NIGHT SINCE 2 YEARS AND WHEN THEY ARE ON THE PEAKS OF THEIR CAREER 
"PROFESSIONAL PLAYERS WERE MINDING DAY AND NIGHT ARE 2 YEARS AND IF YOU ARE ON THE PEAKS OF YOUR CAREERS
"PROFESSIONAL PLAYERS OF THEIR CAREER
PROFESSIONAL PLAYERS WERE GRINDING DOWN BY NIGHT SINCE 2 YEARS BEFORE WHEN THEY ARE ON THE PEAKS OF THEIR BACK THE PUBG GETS BANNED FOR PUBG BAN TS AND AND CAREERS OF MANY ESPORTS PLAYERS. . @narendramodi @PMOIndia @PUBGMOBILE @PUBGMOBILE_IN @EsportsPUBGM
"PROFESSIONAL PLAYERS WERE GRINDING OF DAY AND THE NIGHT SINCE 2 YEARS... AND AND WHEN THEY ARE UP ON THE PEAKS OF THEIR CAREER
"AS PLAYERS WERE GRINDING DAY THE NIGHT SINCE 2 stars AND WHEN THEY ARE ON REAL PEAKS OF THEIR CAREER
Indian Parents after knowing Govt. has banned  
Indian parents banned after getting to know Govt.
India's Parthenon after learning that the government has banned
Indian schools after knowing Govt. has banned
Indian Parents after knowing Govt. has also banned
Indian Parents after Kerala Govt. has banned
@GoI_MeitY whenever PUBG are running in indian phone and spoil youth of india
@ GoI _ MeitY whenever PUBG runs in Indian phones and spoils the youth of India
@ GoI _ tY whenever PUBGs are working on an Indian phone and spoiling India's youth
@GoI_MeitY whenever PUBG are interfering in indian phone and spoil youth of india
@GoI_MeitY whenever those PUBG numbers are running high in indian phone and spoil youth of backward india
@GoI_MeitY whenever PUBG are running only plain phone and spoil youth of us
"After TikTok’s ongoing efforts
"After the continued efforts of TikTok
"After Toka's persistent efforts
"After initial ongoing efforts
"and After TikTok ’ project s ongoing efforts
"for losing early success
"I am a Pubg player. I am addicted to Pubg. But I am happy with the decision of @GoI_MeitY  to ban PUBG Mobile because Nation is more important to me than fun. I
"I am a Pubg player. I am addicted to Pubg. But I am happy about the decision of @ GoI _ MeitY to ban PUBG Mobile because nation is more important to me than fun. I
"I am a Pubg player. I am a complement to Pubg. But I am pleased with @ GoI _ TY's decision to ban PUBG Mobile because Nation is more important to me than entertainment. I
"I am a mobile player. Just am addicted to Pubg. But I am happy with the decision of @GoI_MeitY  to ban PUBG Mobile because that is more important to me than money. Hence
"I am a Pubg commercial player. I am addicted totally to Pubg. But I am happy with the decision of @GoI_MeitY to essentially ban PUBG from Mobile because Live Nation is more important even to me now than fun. If I
"I am a Pubg Pro. I am addicted to Pubg. I neither am happy with the decision by @GoI_MeitY to ban PUBG Mobile and Nation is more boring without them than fun. I
 . .  “No More Chicken Dinner: Why PUBG Ban in India Has Left Gamers Upset”. . twitter.com/i/moments/1301…
".. ""No More Chicken Dinner: Why PUBG Ban in India Has Left Gamers Overset."" twitter.com / i / moments / 1301..."
"""No more chicken dinners: why India's PUBG ban has left gamers baffled."""
 . .  “No More Chicken Dinner: Why PUBG Ban in India Has Left Gamers Upset”. . twitter.com/i/moments/1301…
FM  . .  “No More Chicken Dinner: Why PUBG Ban in India Has Left Gamers Upset”. . twitter.com/i/moments/1301…
to
News: PUBG Mobile ban is here to stay despite cutting ties with Tencent: Report indian.org.in/2020/09/26/pub…
News: PUBG Mobile ban is here to stay despite severing ties with Tencent: Report indian.org.in / 2020 / 09 / 26 / pub...
News: PUBG Mobile ban will remain despite severing ties with Tencent: Report indianews.in / 2020 / 09 / 26 / pub...
News: PUBG Technology Group is here to stay despite cutting agreement with Tencent: Report indian.org.in/2020/09/26/pub…
News : PUBG Mobile ban is here poised to even stay despite quickly cutting all ties back with Tencent : Report indian. org. 2015 in / 2020 / Retrieved 09 / 26 / pub …
News: PUBG Mobile Business is here at start despite cutting deals with Tencent: www indian.org.in/2020/09/26/pub...
NOOOO my phn no space install back pubg mobile lah
NOOOO my phn no space install back pubg mobile lah
NOOO my phn no space install back pubg mobile lah
NOOOO my phn no space install back pubg the lah
NOOOO I my phn you no space install that back pubg mobile lah
NOOOO a phn no space push back pubg mobile lah
PUBG is being featured in the App Store. Not sure this is a good look. Comes across as petty. . . Wonder how long this has been in the works. Before or after the whole Epic debacle? pic.twitter.com/gJnlQjeSse
PUBG is being launched on the App Store. I'm not sure if that's a good look. It comes across as petty... I wonder how long that's been in the works. Before or after the whole epic debacle? pic.twitter.com / gJnlQjeSse
PUBG appears in the App Store. Not sure it looks good. Does as fine... I wonder how long it's been in the works. Before or after the whole Epic Disaster? pic.facebook.com / gJnlQjeSse
PUBG is being featured in the App Store. Not sure this is a good look. Comes across as petty. . . Wonder how long this has been in the works. Before or after the whole Epic debacle? pic.twitter.com/gJnlQjeSse
3 PUBG is being featured in the App Store. Not sure this is a good look. Comes across as petty. . . Wonder how long this has been in the works. Before or after the whole Epic debacle? pic.twitter.com/gJnlQjeSse
out
Breaking : PUBG BANNED BY GOVT OF INDIA
Breaking: PUBG BANNED OF GOVT OF INDIA
Breakthrough: PUBG PROHIBITED BY PUBIT OF INDIA
Breaking ST PUBG BANNED BY GOVT OF INDIA
Breaking : you PUBG BANNED BY A GOVT OF an INDIA
Breaking : PUBG IN THE GOVT OF INDIA
Those who are upset because of  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  
Those who get upset about it.....
Those who are upset because of...
Those who get upset because.. . . . . . . .
Those individuals who are emotionally upset because of.......
Those that get upset after of.......
Breaking News: 118 more Chinese mobile Apps banned including PUBG by the IT Ministry. . Should i feel bad for my Friends who're in deep love with PuBG🤥?
"Breaking News: 118 other Chinese mobile phone apps have been banned by the IT Ministry
"Breakthrough news: The Ministry of Information Technology has banned 118 more Chinese mobile devices
Breaking News: 2 more Chinese mobile Apps banned including PUBG by the IT Ministry. :( Also i feel bad for my Friends who're in deep love with PuBG🤥?
2008 Breaking News : 118 more Chinese mobile mobile news Apps banned including PUBG banned by even the IT Environment Ministry.. Should i feel bad for my Friends who're in really deep love with [UNK]?
Breaking Dawn: 118 more US mobile friends banned including PUBG by the IT Ministry.. Should i feel bad for Chinese Friends who're in deep denial to PuBG<unk>?
India Bans 118 Chinese apps including PUBG  
India bans 118 Chinese apps including PUBG
"India bans 118 Chinese apps
India Bans 118 Chinese apps to PUBG
India Bans 118 Chinese apps to including eight PUBG
India Bans several Chinese apps including PUBG
"@PUBG hi I m facing a in game problem where my game is lagging
"@ PUBG hello I am faced with a problem in the game where my game limps
"@ PUBG hi I'm facing a in game problem where my game is coming
"@PUBG hi I m facing some in game problem where my game is lagging
"Just @PUBG is hi I m facing this a hand in game problem where my little game plan is lagging
"@PUBG hi I m facing serious in game problem where main game is lagging
Jdjdjd everyone getting annoyed of playing with fire being played in pubg. 
"Jdjdjd all fret about playing with fire
Jdjdjd all get irritated by playing with fire in pubg.
Jdjdjd everyone getting annoyed of playing with fire being played in peace.
and Jdjdjd of everyone getting annoyed of playing with fire being rarely played in pubg.
Jdjdjd everyone getting annoyed when playing with fire like played in pubg.
Lahore High Court is banning PUBG in Pakistan for having negative impact on children.. Is this correct decision or not?
Lahore High Court bans PUBG in Pakistan because it has negative effects on children. Is this decision correct or not?
The Lahore High Court is considering a PUBG lawsuit in Pakistan for the negative impact on children - is this the right decision or not?
Lahore High Court is banning PUBG by Pakistan for having negative impact to children.. Is this correct decision or not?
Lahore Town High Court is banning PUBG program in Pakistan for having negative impact on tribal children.. 4 Is this this correct decision or not?
Lahore High Court is banning PUBG in Pakistan despite having negative impact upon children.. was this correct decision or not?
Always handicapped. Teammates get kicked or stuck in buildings. . @PUBG_Support
Always handicapped. Teammates are kicked or stuck in buildings. @ PUBG _ Support
Always handlipped. Friends get kicked or stuck in buildings.. @ PUBG _ Support
Always handicapped. Teammates get kicked or stuck in buildings. Source @PUBG_Support
Always handicapped. Teammates usually get kicked or get stuck in buildings.. A @PUBG_Support
sometimes handicapped. Teammates are kicked or stuck in buildings.. @PUBG_Support
"@narendramodi . You haven'tbanned the most important app from China.. Whose name is ""Pubg"". Through this ""Pubg app""
"@ narendramodi. You have not banned the most important app from China yet.. Whose name is ""Pubg."" Through this ""Pubg app
"@ narendramodi. You haven't banned the most important app from China.. Whose name is ""Pubg."" With this ""Pubg app"" China earns pennies from the people of India.. Why isn't this app closed? Do you want to give this billion rupees to China as an opportunity to make money?"
"@narendramodi. You haven'tbanned one most important app from China.. Whose name is ""Pubg"". Through this ""Pubg app""
"@narendramodi. You haven'tbanned the most important smart app app from China.. Whose name is "" Pubg "". Through all this "" Pubg app ""
"<unk>. I haven'tbanned the most prominent app from China.. Whose name was ""Pubg"". Through your ""Pubg app""
 
It is not the first time that the EU Commission has taken such a step.
"At the same time



Not about Safety.. . All about business....  .  
Not about security.... All about business.....
Not about safety... All about business....
Not about Safety... Not about business.... .
Not about Safety... All stuff about insurance business.....
Not about Love... All about Justice.....
@narendramodi  please sir i request you please Ban the PUBG MOBILE game please sir... . I request ban that game .  please
@ narendramodi please sir please please ban the PUBG MOBILE game please sir.... please ban that game. please
@ narendramodi please sir i request you please Ban the PUBG MOE game please sir.... I request ban that game. please
@narendramodi  s sir i request you please remove the deadly MOBILE game please sir.... I request ban that game.  please
GO @narendramodi please sir i request f you 2 please stop Ban from the PUBG 1 MOBILE game please sir.... I request ban that game. please
@narendramodi free sir i see you please Ban<unk> PUBG MOBILE game please sir.... I need ban of game. please
"i spends 200 ringgit just for pubg
"i spend 200 ringgit just for pubg
"i spends 200 ringjust for pubg
"i spends 200 ringgit just for pubg
"Today i spends 200 ringgit just for pubg
"i spends 200 bucks just on pubg
Cuz i love pubg more than my bae. 
I love pub more than my Bae.
Cuz i love pubg more than my bae.
Cuz i love that more than my bae.
4 Cuz i love pubg more than my buddy bae.
that i love pubg more then my bae.
Even tae playing pubg I won’t ever installing it hahahaha I dislike that game so much
Even tae play pubg I'll never install it hahahaha I don't like this game so much
Even tae playing pubg I won't ever install it hahahaha I dislike that game so much
Even tae oh pubg I won’t ever installing it hahahaha I dislike that game so bad
... Even tae playing pubg I really won ’ t consider ever installing it hahahaha I should dislike that game so much
Even tae playing this I won’t bother installing it cause I dislike that game so much
Miss U Pubg . . .  .  
Miss U Pubg....
Miss U Pubg....
Miss U Pubg io.. .
Miss U S Pubg....
Miss Daisy Pubg....
Failed pubg mobile youtu.be/Qz00Pth41sw via @YouTube
Failed pubg mobile youtu.be / Qz00Pth41sw via @ YouTube
Failed pubg mobile youtu.be / Qz00Pth41sw via @ YouTube
Failed pubg mobile i.be/Qz00Pth41sw via link
See Failed pubg mobile youtu. could be / Qz00Pth41sw links via Twitter @YouTube
Failed pubg report on.be/Qz00Pth41sw via 2
They are using hacks openly so why don't the Pubg security system ban them ??  
"They openly use hacks
"They openly use hackers
They are using hacks openly so why don't every Pubg security system ban them??
They are using hacks done openly about so why don't the Pubg security review system ban off them??
They are using stuff openly but why shouldn't the Pubg security system ban them??
Wonderful Decision took by  
Wonderful decision made by
The Amazing Decline That Took Over
Wonderful Decision took followed
On Wonderful Decision took by
Wonderful Decision Based by
"Chinese App Ban in India Updates: Including PUBG and TikTok
"Chinese app ban in India News: Including PUBG and TikTok
"Banning Chinese Apps in India: With the exception of PUBG and Testok
"Chinese App Ban in India Updates: Including PUBG and TikTok
"Chinese App Search Ban in Amazon India Updates : 2016 Including using PUBG and TikTok
"Chinese App Ban<unk> iPad Updates: Including PUBG and Verizon
"Dear Indians
"Dear Indians
"Dear Indians
"Dear guys Because if one loves our Army then start from here
"Dear Indians
"Dear Indians
 .  


.
.
.
"Again ""Digital Strike!""India banned 48 more Chinese apps
"Again ""Digital Strike!"" India has banned 48 more Chinese apps
"Once again
"Again ""Digital Strike!""India banned 48 more Chinese apps
"V Again ""Digital Strike!""India banned 48 more Chinese apps
the
 .  .  . @PUBGMOBILE . @aajtak . @ZeeNews . @abpnewshindi pic.twitter.com/dBTjpnt3Al
... @ PUBGMOBILE. @ aajtak. @ ZeeNews. @ abpnewshindi pic.twitter.com / dBTjpnt3Al
@ PUBGMOE. @ aajtak. @ ZeeNews. @ abpnewshindi pic.fm / dBTjp3Al
 .  .  . RhandlerR . RhandlerR . RhandlerR . RhandlerR pic.twitter.com/dBTjpnt3Al
W  .  .  . RhandlerR . RhandlerR . RhandlerR . RhandlerR pic.twitter.com/dBTjpnt3Al
I
"Good morning @svperfecta 
"Good morning @ svperfecta
"Good morning @ svperfecta
"Good morning from
"Good Wednesday morning @svperfecta
"the morning @svperfecta
"@PUBG_Support Console players that play FPP is broken. You get disconnected from your team and have to restart lobby after every game. TPP is fine.. It is highly annoying. Please fix
@ PUBG _ Support Console players playing FPP are broken. You are disconnected from your team and need to restart the lobby after each game. TPP is fine.. It is highly annoying.
"@ PUBG _ Support Console players who play PP have broken down. You lose touch with your team and have to restart the lobby after every game. TPP is great.. It's very annoying. Please fix it
"@PUBG_Support Console players that their FPP is broken. You get disconnected from your team and told to restart lobby game every game. TPP is fine.. It is very annoying. Please fix
"@PUBG_Support Console players that play with FPP is broken. 4 You get disconnected from your current team name and have to restart lobby after for every game. No TPP is fine.. One It is highly annoying.... Please cannot fix
"last<unk> of that play this is broken. You get removed from your team and start to restart lobby after every game. TPP is fine.. It is highly annoying. Please fix
Government  Bans 59 Chinese Apps. Including Mujra App Tik Tok . . *Le PUBG : pic.twitter.com/lVIEoV0mGK
"Government bans 59 Chinese apps
"The government has banned 59 Chinese companies
Government  Bans 59 Chinese Apps. Including Mujra App Tik Tok . . *Le PUBG : pic.twitter.com/lVIEoV0mGK
with Government  Bans 59 Chinese Apps. Including Mujra App Tik Tok . . *Le PUBG : pic.twitter.com/lVIEoV0mGK
I
"This is such a massive impact on one of the biggest growing esports ecosystem in esports.. . PUBG Mobile.. . Hopefully
This is such a massive impact on one of the largest growing ecosystems of esports... PUBG Mobile... Hopefully we'll see this adapted as it's a tremendous opportunity for the economy... livemint.com / news / india / gov...
This is such a massive impact on one of the largest growing expansionists in the world... PUBG Mobile... Let's hope we see it corrected as it's a huge opportunity for the economy... livemint.com / news / india / gov...
"This means such a massive impact on one of the quickest growing esports ecosystem in esports... PUBG Mobile... Hopefully
"This is such a massive impact when on one part of the biggest growing esports player ecosystem even in esports... PUBG Mobile... Also Hopefully
"This had such a great impact on one of a hottest growing esports ecosystem of esports... PUBG Mobile... Hopefully
Man I miss @PUBG in its prime .  pic.twitter.com/iZOafew163
Man I miss @ PUBG in his prime pic.twitter.com / iZOafew163
A man I miss @ PUBG in his prime.
Man I miss RhandlerR in its prime .  pic.twitter.com/iZOafew163
The Man I miss RhandlerR in its prime .  pic.twitter.com/iZOafew163
the
"@PUBGMOBILE the game is shit can't even play a single match for its high ping 
"@ PUBGMOBILE the game is shit can not even play a single game for its high ping
"@ PUBGMOE the shit game can't even play a single match because of its high ping
"@PUBGMOBILE 2 engine is shit can't even play a single match for its high ping
"@PUBGMOBILE the game is shit it can't even play a single match for its high ping
"@PUBGMOBILE the shit is shit can't even play a load match for its annoying ping
See what pubg mobile has responded to the banned of PUBG Mobile in India  .  
See how pubg mobile reacted to the ban on PUBG Mobile in India.
Look at how Pubg Mobile responded to PUBG Mobile's ban in India.
See what pubg iv has responded to the banned of PUBG Mobile in India .
• See what pubg mobile has historically responded to the banned of PUBG Mobile products in India.
See what pubg mobile phones responded to the banned of PUBG advertising in India.
What should be banned??. .  .  
What should be forbidden??...
What should be banned??...
What should remain banned??.. .
10 What should be banned??...
What should be a??...
Why government banned pubg
Why the government is banning public opinion
Why the government has banned the public
Why get banned pubg
Why no government banned pubg
Why government banned Black
Man am I looking forward to running a new M416 Skin in PUBG. . 
I'm looking forward to a new M416 skin in PUBG.
Man am I looking forward to running a new M416 Skin in PUBG...
Man am I looking forward to running a freaking M416 Skin in PUBG..
Man am I just looking forward to running a new Audi M416 Red Skin in Paris PUBG..
Who am I looking forward day running a new new Skin in PUBG..
"By banning  . ""Is tiktok... Is not this app is also wastage of time? pic.twitter.com/vfqtw34Tx2"
Is this app not also a waste of time? pic.twitter.com / vfqtw34Tx2
"By the way. ""Isn't this app waiting to happen
"By banning  . ""Is tiktok... Is not this app is also wastage of time? pic.twitter.com/vfqtw34Tx2"
"Source By banning  . ""Is tiktok... Is not this app is also wastage of time? pic.twitter.com/vfqtw34Tx2"
out
Indian government ban PUBG. Pro PUBG player streamers: pic.twitter.com/AamAAvPjYc
Indian government bans PUBG. pro PUBG Player Streamer: pic.twitter.com / AamAAvPjYc
The Indian government has banned PUBG. Pro PUBG player streamers: pic.wikipedia.org / AamAAvPjYc
Indian government ban PUBG. Pro PUBG player streamers: pic.twitter.com/AamAAvPjYc
Team Indian government ban PUBG. Pro PUBG player streamers: pic.twitter.com/AamAAvPjYc
be
This is bliss!  
This is bliss!
It's bliss!
This is impressive!
This time is bliss!
This is fabulous!
 
It is not the first time that the EU Commission has taken such a step.
"At the same time



 . Government bans 118 app along with the  . Right now I Dislike  . Ludo players :...  pic.twitter.com/fQmQKPQm64
. Government bans 118 app along with the. At the moment I do not like. Ludo Player:... pic.twitter.com / fQmQKPQm64
Ludo's players:... pic.wikipedia.org / fQmQKPQm64
 . Government bans 118 app along with the  . Right now I Dislike  . Ludo players :...  pic.twitter.com/fQmQKPQm64
BBC  . Government bans 118 app along with the  . Right now I Dislike  . Ludo players :...  pic.twitter.com/fQmQKPQm64
there
PTA banning PUBG is yet another confession of incompetence and incompetence of these people and the system. instead of teaching the values of gaming they are treating it like the cavemen treated fire when they first saw it. they are afraid of it. these bloody cavemen.
"The PTA banning of PUBG is another admission of the incompetence and incompetence of these people and the system. Instead of teaching the values of the game
"Instead of teaching the values of gambling
PTA banning PUBG is born again confession of incompetence and incompetence of these people and the system. instead of teaching great values of gaming they are treating gaming like the cavemen treated fire when they first saw it. they are afraid of it. these bloody monsters.
That PTA banning a PUBG is apparently yet another confession of incompetence and incompetence of these people and the system. That instead of teaching the values of gaming they really are treating it like how the cavemen treated as fire when they first saw it. they are afraid not of controlling it. being these bloody cavemen.
PTA AND PUBG is yet another confession of incompetence and incompetence of these people and entire industry. instead of teaching the values in gaming they are treating it how medieval cavemen treated fire when they ever saw it. they are afraid of someone. these bloody cavemen.
"You fools think banning a game will increase our GDP and effect there's
"You fools think banning gambling would increase our GDP and there would be an effect
"You fools think the game will increase our GDP and the effect will be
"You even think banning a game to increase our GDP and effect there's
"You seriously fools people think banning a game will increase our growing GDP and effect anything there'ain s
"You fools saying banning a game will increase our GDP and effect there's
Celebrities question ban on PUBG in Pakistan thepakistanpost.net/celebrities-qu…
Celebrities question ban on PUBG in Pakistan thepakistanpost.net / celebrities-qu...
Ban on PUBG in Pakistan thepakistanpost.net / celebrities-qu...
Celebrities question footage from PUBG in Pakistan thepakistanpost.net/celebrities-qu…
3 Celebrities who question ban on this PUBG in Pakistan thepakistanpost. net net / celebrities - qu... …
Celebrities question ban comment PUBG April 2008 thepakistanpost.net/celebrities-qu...
 
It is not the first time that the EU Commission has taken such a step.
"At the same time



pubg with taehyung... i hate that game
pubg with taehyung... i hate this game
pubg with taehyung... i hate that game
pubg Korean taehyung... i hate that game
pubg played with taehyung... i truly hate that game
pubg and taehyung... i hate that way
PUBG AND 118 CHINESE APP BAN BY INDIAN GOVERNMENT . WATCH VIDEO AND SUBSCRIBE. . youtu.be/Mq3WOQrMtrE
PUBG AND 118 CHINESE APP BAN BY INDIAN GOVERNMENT. WATCH VIDEO AND Subscription.. youtu.be / Mq3WOQrMtrE
PUBG AND 118 CHINESE APP BAN by Indian Government. WATCH VIDEO AND SUBSCRIBE.. youtu.be / Mq3WOQrMtrE
PUBG AND 118 CHINESE APP BAN BY NEW GOVERNMENT. WATCH<unk> AND IMAGES..<unk>.be/Mq3WOQrMtrE
PUBG 11 AND 118 O CHINESE and APP ME BAN BY AND INDIAN IS GOVERNMENT. IS WATCH ME VIDEO AND ME SUBSCRIBE.. you youtu. be / Mq3WOQrMtrE
PUBG AND 118 BUSINESS APP US FOR INDIAN BUSINESS. END<unk> FOR SUBSCRIBE.. youtu.be/Mq3WOQrMtrE
"We shouldn't wait for GOI to officially announce to boycott chinese products. AatmaNirbhar Bharat Package was the first step towards boycotting. Now
"We should not wait until GOI officially announces to boycott Chinese products. AatmaNirbhar Bharat Package was the first step to boycott. Now
We should not wait for GOI to announce an official boycott of Chinese goods. The AatmaNirvar Bharat package was the first step toward a boycott. Now it is our collective responsibility to take the next step.
"We shouldn't wait for GOI to officially announce to boycott chinese products. We am Campaign is your first step towards boycotting. Now
"... We certainly shouldn'cu t still wait there for GOI to officially announce to boycott the chinese products. • AatmaNirbhar Bharat Package was the original first step towards boycotting. Now
"We shouldn't wait for GOI would officially announce their own chinese products.<unk> Bharat Package was the latest momentum towards boycotting. Now
"""59 Chinese Apps Including  . . *Le PUBG users - .  . @ReallySwara pic.twitter.com/2eDzbix9Tn"
"""59 Chinese apps included... * Le PUBG users -.. @ ReallySwara pic.twitter.com / 2eDzbix9Tn"
"""59 Chinese users
"""59 Chinese Apps Including  . . *Le PUBG users - .  . RhandlerR pic.twitter.com/2eDzbix9Tn"
"and ""59 Chinese Apps Including  . . *Le PUBG users - .  . RhandlerR pic.twitter.com/2eDzbix9Tn"
<unk>
pubg too wtf !!!????
pubg too wtf!!!????
pubg too wtf!!!???
pubg | wtf!!!????
the pubg too go wtf!!!????
happen too wtf!!!????
Gonna complain more often about how much I think PUBG is bad
I will complain more often about how much I think PUBG is bad
I often complain about how bad I think PUBG is
Gonna complain more often about how much we think PUBG is bad
Gonna complain more often about how pretty much I still think PUBG... is bad
Gonna complain more often about the much I think PUBG is making
@PUBGMOBILE . @PUBG . Hello  why pubg mobile and iran It is not opening . Please Please Please Please Please answerGive. 
@ PUBGMOBILE. @ PUBG. Hello why pubg mobile and iran It does not open. Please Please Please Please Reply Give.
@ PUBGMOE. @ PUBG. Hello why pubg mobile and iran It is not opening. Please answer-give.
@PUBGMOBILE. @PUBG. Hello  why is mobile and iran It is not obvious. Please Please Please.... Please answerGive.
By @PUBGMOBILE. @PUBG. by Hello man why see pubg mobile app and iran It is not opening. Please please Please Please Please Please answerGive.
@PUBGMOBILE. @PUBG. Hello why pubg Mail is iran It is not opening. So Please Please Please<unk> Do.
Hello @PUBGMOBILE @PUBG @PUBG_Support I can't access my pubg account can you help me how to login again my account?  This account connected with my facebook account pic.twitter.com/wRK6D7N3dW
Hello @ PUBGMOBILE @ PUBG @ PUBG _ Support I can't access my Pubg account. Can you help me log in again? This account is connected to my Facebook account pic.twitter.com / wRK6D7N3dW.
Hello @ PUBGMOE @ PUBG @ PUBG _ Support I can't access my pubg account can you help me how to login again my account? This account connected to my facebook account pic.wRK6D7N3dW
Hello RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR I can't access my pubg account can you help me how to login again my account?  This account connected with my facebook account pic.twitter.com/wRK6D7N3dW
Radio Hello RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR I can't access my pubg account can you help me how to login again my account?  This account connected with my facebook account pic.twitter.com/wRK6D7N3dW
the
"youtu.be/c-aixISTD2U. Again 47 apps banned. PUBG ban pannuvangala? Only 6mins
"youtu.be / c-aixISTD2U. Again 47 apps banned. PUBG ban pannuvangala? Only 6 minutes
"youtu.be / c-aixISTD2U. Again 47 apps banned. PUBG ban pannuvangala? Only 6mins
"youtu.be/c-aixISTD2U. Again 47 apps banned. PUBG for pannuvangala? Only win
"youtu. may be / c - aixISTD2U. org Again over 47 apps banned. Think PUBG could ban pannuvangala? Only the 6mins
"youtu.be/c-aixISTD2U. Again no apps banned. PUBG it<unk>? And now
Government Bans 118 Additional Chinese Apps including  
Government bans 118 more Chinese apps
"The government has banned another 118 Chinese companies
Government Bans 118 New Chinese Apps including
Government Bans 118 from Additional Chinese Apps including
Government Register 118 Additional Chinese Apps including
"Dear @PUBG. It does NOT show you care
"Dear @ PUBG. It does NOT mean anything to you because you ""ban 100
"Dear @ PUBG. That doesn't mean you don't care
"Dear @PUBG. It does doesnt show you care
"Dear @PUBG. It does probably NOT show on you what care
"Dear John. It did NOT show my help
I CANNOT BELIEVE PUBG IS A REAL GAME KAZO RAN OUT OF BULLETS AND STARTED SMACKING SOMEONE WITH A PAN AND THEY PULLED OUT A PAN TOO
"I can't believe that PUBG is a REAL GAME
I can't believe that PUBG is a real game played by BOULLETS and STARTING SOMEONA WITH PAN AND THEY PUBG WITH PAN Ltd.
I CANNOT BELIEVE PUBG IS A REAL GAME KAZO RAN OUT OF FIGHT AND STARTED SMACKING SOMEONE WITH A FIRE … THEY DID OUT A PAN TOO
I CANNOT BELIEVE PUBG IS A REAL GAME KAZO S RAN OUT 2 OF BULLETS IT AND STARTED SMACKING AT SOMEONE TO WITH A PAN OR AND THEY RA PULLED OUT IN A UN PAN AND TOO
<unk> WILL BELIEVE PUBG IS REAL REAL GAME KAZO RAN OUT OF US AND STARTED SMACKING SOMEONE IN A PAN OF IT PULLED OUT AS PAN TOO
PUBG banned in Pakistan . Pubg lovers right now . .  
PUBG banned in Pakistan. Pubg lovers now..
PUBG is banned in Pakistan. Pub lovers right now..
PUBG Free in Pakistan. Pubg lovers right now..
Our PUBG banned tourism in Pakistan. Pubg lovers right so now..
PUBG registered in Pakistan. Pubg comments right now..
Indian Government could now ban over 250 other apps including  
"Indian government could now ban more than 250 other apps
"The Indian government can now ban more than 250 other apps
Indian Government could now ban over 250 Twitter apps including
Indian Government order could now now ban over 250 other apps including
Indian Government could now ban another 250 other apps including
@PUBGMOBILE @PUBG @PUBGMOBILE_IN @PUBG_Support . . Update my PUBG App . After login I am not accessible pic.twitter.com/VOUnDlaBQY
@ PUBGMOBILE @ PUBG @ PUBGMOBILE _ IN @ PUBG _ Support. Update my PUBG app. After logging in I am unreachable pic.twitter.com / VOUnDlaBQY
@ PUBGMOE @ PUBG @ PUBGMOE _ IN @ PUBG _ Support........
RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR . . Update my PUBG App . After login I am not accessible pic.twitter.com/VOUnDlaBQY
and RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR . . Update my PUBG App . After login I am not accessible pic.twitter.com/VOUnDlaBQY
was
There is a bug from season 3 that makes the game settings reset if the internet got disconnected mid game.. And it still exists till now in ps4. . I'm uninstalling this shit game if this happend one more time. . . @PUBG. @PLAYERUNKNOWN
There is a bug from season 3 that resets the game settings when the Internet is turned off in the middle of the game.. and it still exists in PS4.. I will uninstall this shit game if that happens again... @ PUBG. @ PLAYERUNKNOWN
There is a bug from season three that makes the game reset if the Internet shuts down in the middle of the game.. And it still exists in season four.. I remove this crap game if it happens again... @ PUBG. @ PLAYERUNKNOWN
There are a bug from season 3 that keeps the game settings reset if the server got disconnected mid. And it somehow exists till now in ps4.. I'm uninstalling this shit game if this happend one more time... @PUBG. @PLAYERUNKNOWN
There is a bug from Survivor season 3 that makes the game settings reset and if even the private internet link got disconnected mid game.. And well it has still exists on till now in ps4.. I'm uninstalling about this shit game if this has happend one more time... @PUBG. @PLAYERUNKNOWN
There is a bug from season 3 that makes the core settings crap if the internet got disconnected mid game.. And shit still exists down now in ps4..<unk>'m continuing this shit game if this happend for more bit... @PUBG. 3
Is there a chance we can get some awesome packages too here in South East Asia? @PUBG @PUBG_Support @Hawkinz PUBG Partner here too. 🥺. 
Is there a chance that we will also get great packages here in Southeast Asia? @ PUBG @ PUBG _ Support @ Hawkinz PUBG Partner also here.
Is there any chance we'll get some amazing packages here in Southeast Asia? @ PUBG @ PUBG _ Support @ Hawkins PUBG is here too.
Is the a chance we can get really awesome packages too here in South East Asia? @PUBG @PUBG_Support @Hawkinz PUBG Partner Program too. 🥺.
Is there a chance we also can get some more awesome packages too because here are in eastern South East Asia? @PUBG @PUBG_Support and @Hawkinz PUBG and Partner here too. [UNK].
Is there a chance students can get some real packages too too at South East Asia? @PUBG @PUBG_Support @Hawkinz PUBG Partner package and. <unk>.
@RoboDanjal any chance I could get a list of the maps for the new PUBG TDM?  I can't seem to find a good list anywhere.
@ RoboDanjal any chance to get a list of tickets for the new PUBG TDM? I can't find a good list anywhere.
@ RoboDanjal any chance I could get a list of cards for the new PUBG TT?
@RoboDanjal any suggestion I could get a list of the maps on the 2019 PUBG TDM?  I can't seem to find a good list anywhere.
11 @RoboDanjal Is any further chance I could get on a list of the maps for the new PUBG TDM? Because I can'don t altogether seem to find a good list anywhere.
@RoboDanjal any chance one could get a handful of the maps for the last PUBG game? I couldn't seem to find a good list anywhere.
Indian govt bans PUBG and other 118 apps.  
The Indian government bans PUBG and other apps.
Indian goats ban PUBG and other apps.
Indian govt on PUBG and other 118 apps.
Indian Post govt bans PUBG games and the other 118 apps.
Indian govt bans PUBG and other various commodities.
pubg is literally death simulator
pubg is literally a death simulator
pubg is literally a simulation of death
pubg is an death simulator
pubg is literally death trap simulator
pubg in literally death simulator
I hate that music
I hate this music
I Hate This Music
I hate Spanish music
Sometimes I hate that music
I hate that one
PUBG Ban In India??? 47 Chinese Apps Banned By India .  youtu.be/OVNd32ezrCU via @YouTube
PUBG ban in India??? 47 Chinese apps banned by India. youtu.be / OVNd32ezrCU via @ YouTube
PUBG Ban In India??? 47 Chinese Banned By India. youtu.be / OVNd32ezrCU via @ YouTube
PUBG Ban For India??? 47 New Apps Banned By India. <unk>.be/OVNd32ezrCU via @YouTube
PUBG Press Ban In to India??? 47 Chinese Apps Banned By India. as youtu. could be / en OVNd32ezrCU... via website @YouTube
PUBG Available In India??? 47 Chinese Apps Posted By Microsoft. youtu.be/OVNd32ezrCU review web
I know pubg ain't Chinese but i wish they ban it soon too.. That app is trash
"I know pubg ain't Chinese
I know pubg ain't Chinese but i wish they ban it soon too.. That app is trash
I know they were Chinese but i wish they ban it soon too.. That app is trash
I know pubg ain'and t Chinese but i wish they they ban it soon to too.. That app is not trash
<unk> know pubg ain't Chinese but i wish they ban it soon too.. That app just fucking
"@PUBGMOBILE_IN character ID:- 5932218327 hacker see the kd of this person 
"@ PUBGMOBILE _ IN sign ID: - 5932218327 hackers see the Kd of that person
"@ PUBGMOE _ IN Character ID: - 5932218327 a hacker
"@PUBGMOBILE_IN character ID:- Someone hacker see the kd of this person
"@PUBGMOBILE_IN character ID ID : - 5932218327 hacker see in the kd of this historical person
"computer character hack:- 5932218327 hacker see the kd of this person
@PMOIndia @narendramodi @AmitShah @HMOIndia .  . Pubg should be banned in india. Because of Many of the students distracted with their aim and the second reason is that some part of the Profit of pubg goes to china ...  
@ PMOIndia @ narendramodi @ AmitShah @ HMOIndia.. Pubg should be banned in India. Because many of the students are distracted with their goal and the second reason is that part of the profit from Pubg goes to China...
@ PMOIndia @ narendramodi @ AmitShah @ HMOIndia.. Pubg should be banned in India. Because of Many of the students with their aim and the second reason is that some part of the Profit of pubg goes to China...
@PMOIndia @narendramodi @AmitShah @HMOIndia. . Pubg should be banned across india. Because of Many of the critics distracted with their aim and the second reason is to some part on the Profit of pubg goes on china...
@PMOIndia @narendramodi @AmitShah @HMOIndia.. Pubg should be never banned completely in india. Because all of Many of the students distracted people with their aim and reason the second reason is namely that some less part of preventing the Profit contribution of pubg goes up to china...
@PMOIndia @narendramodi @AmitShah @HMOIndia.. it must be banned via india. Fear of Many of the people stuck with their school and the second reason says that some part of and Profit of pubg goes to china...
@PUBG_Support Hiya! So when'll u be fixing your f'n console game? Been asking a lot and have been very satisfied with your lack of responses .  Just wondering if lagouts are a part of the game like red zones and I'm just not aware or if you just can't fix a 2 year + problem. Thx!
@ PUBG _ Support Hiya! So when do I fix your f'n console game? I asked a lot and was very pleased with your lack of answers. I just wonder if outages are part of the game like red zones and I'm just not aware or if you just can't fix a + 2 year problem. Thx!
@ PUBG _ Support Hiya! So when'll u be fixing your f'n console game? Been asking a lot and have been very satisfied with your lack of responses. Just wondering if Flashout are a part of the game like red zones and I'm just not aware or if you just can't fix a 2 year + problem. Thx!
@PUBG_Support Hiya! So will u be fixing'f'n th game? Been asking a lot and have been very disappointed with your lack of responses.  Just wondering if lagouts are a part of the game like red zones and I'm kinda not noticing or if you just can't fix ur 2 year + problem. Thx!
... @PUBG_Support Hiya! So when'n ll u two be fixing your f'n console game? Been asking u a lot and have been very satisfied with your lack of responses. Just wondering if lagouts are a part of... the game just like your red zones and because I'm just not aware though or if you just can't fix a 2 year + 2 problem. Thx!
@PUBG_Support Hiya! So when'll u be producing everyone f'n own game? Been asking a lot and have been very annoyed with your lack of fixes. Keep wondering if lagouts are a part of any game like red zones and I'm just not aware or if this just wouldn't fix a 5 year + problem. Thx!
Maybe I'm the only one who hates Pubg for no reason. .  .  
Maybe I'm the only one who hates Pub Landlord for no reason...
Maybe I'm the only one who hates Pubg for no reason...
Maybe I'm the only one who hates Pubg for no reason..   
Maybe I'm the only one left who hates Pubg V for almost no reason...
Maybe I'm the only guy who enjoyed Pubg for one reason...
PUBG Mobile Alternatives Registers a Massive Surge in Downloads After Ministry Bans the Game qnewshub.com/technology/pub…
PUBG Mobile Alternatives has seen a massive increase in downloads after the Ministry banned the game qnewshub.com / technology / pub...
PUBG Mobile Alternatives registers massive surge in downloads after ministry bans game qnewshub.com / technology / pub...
PUBG Mobile Alternatives Saw a Massive Surge in Downloads After Xbox Bans the Game qnewshub.com/technology/pub…
PUBG Mobile Alternatives Registers Is a Massive Technology Surge Based in Downloads Software After Ministry Bans Play the Game qnewshub. com / download technology / as pub …
PUBG Mobile Alternatives Registers in Big Difference in Downloads After Ministry With the Act qnewshub.com/technology/pub...
 . . Me pretending to be alright : pic.twitter.com/alDZJWadES
I pretend everything is fine: pic.twitter.com / alDZJWadES
Photo: pic.wikimedia.org / alDZJWadES
 . . Me pretending to be alright : pic.twitter.com/alDZJWadES
and  . . Me pretending to be alright : pic.twitter.com/alDZJWadES
<unk>
Will PUBG get banned in India? . . Read the reason . . hashtagguys.in/will-pubg-get-….  
Will PUBG be banned in India?... Read the reason.. hashtagguys.in / will-pubg-get-....
Will PUBG be banned in India?.. Read the reason.. hashtag-guys.in / will-pubg-english -....
Will PUBG get banned in Venezuela?. … Read about reason.. hashtagguys.in/will-pubg-get-….
Will some PUBG get even banned in India?.. Read from the reason.. hashtagguys. com in / will - be pubg - get - arrested ….
<unk> PUBG get reviews in Bollywood?.. Bollywood movie reviews.. hashtagguys.in/will-pubg-get-....
Dear @PUBG_Support and many time we got killed just after landiAnd my rank is just crown v. How can i used hacker to boost my rank.please unblock my account.my is no is -5384386010 2/2. @PUBGMOBILE . @PUBGMOBILE_IN
Dear @ PUBG _ Support and many times we were killed shortly after landing And my rank is just the crown v. How can I use hackers to increase my rank. Please unlock my account. My number is -5384386010 2 / 2. @ PUBGMOBILE. @ PUBGMOBILE _ IN
Dear @ PUBG _ Support and many times we got killed just after landiAnd my rank is just crown v.How can i used hacker to build my rank.please unblock my back.my is no is -5384386010 2 / 2. @ PUBGMOE. @ PUBGMOE _ IN
Dear @PUBG_Support and many time we got clicked just after landiAnd im rank is just crown v. How can i exploit hacker to increase my rank.please unblock my account.my is<unk> is -5384386010 2/2. @PUBGMOBILE. @PUBGMOBILE_IN
Dear General @PUBG_Support and many time we got all killed just days after u landiAnd my military rank is just crown v. How can we i used hacker ID to boost my rank rank. please unblock my account. my is no is - 5384386010 4 2 / 4 2. @PUBGMOBILE. @PUBGMOBILE_IN
Dear @PUBG_Support and many time he got killed just after landiAnd my im new just crown v. when can i used hacker to boost up crown.please delete his account.my is no is -5384386010 2/2. @PUBGMOBILE. 1
Never played. .  
Never played.
Never played...
Never played.<unk>
3 Never played..
Never Lie..
@PUBG_Support bro. please stop forcing everyone to play Miramar what feels like 40% of the time. There are 4 maps. Split that shit more evenly. Please.
"@ PUBG _ Support bro. please stop forcing everyone to play Miramar
@ PUBG _ Support bro. please stop forcing everyone to play Miramar what feels like 40% of the time. There are 4 maps. Split that shit more even. Please.
@PUBG_Support bro. please stop forcing everyone to play Miramar what feels like 40% of the time. There are 4 maps. Pop that shit line apart. Please.
Win @PUBG_Support... bro. please stop forcing to everyone to play Miramar what feels like around 40 % of the game time. There are 4 better maps. Split that shit through more evenly. Please.
@PUBG_Support bro. please stop forcing 6 of see Miramar what looks like 40% the the time. There are 4 maps. Split that shit more evenly. Please.
 
It is not the first time that the EU Commission has taken such a step.
"At the same time



@PUBG My account has been hacked by someone plz help me out my id is: 5230824505. My account was linked with Facebook but when  now i am trying to log in it's showing unable to log in
"@ PUBG My account has been hacked by someone plz help me
@ PUBG My account has been hacked by someone plz help me out of my id is: 5230824505. My account was linked with Facebook but when now i am trying to log in it's showing unable to log in
@PUBG My account has been hacked by someone plz help me identify mine id is: 5230824505. My account was linked with Facebook but when  now i am trying to log in it's just unable to link in
@PUBG My mobile account has since been hacked by someone else plz seeking help helping me out as my phone id is : ID 5230824505. My account was linked earlier with Facebook but when now i am trying to log in it's showing unable to log back in
@PUBG My account have been hacked by someone plz help me out my id is: 5230824505. My account tried valid with Facebook but when now i am trying to tune in let's be unable to log my
When you ban PUBG Mobile but suddenly realise you'll have to employ 50 million people pic.twitter.com/c5xpXwbM3F
If you ban PUBG Mobile but suddenly realize that you have to employ 50 million people pic.twitter.com / c5xpXwbM3F
When you ban PUBG Mobile but suddenly realize you have to attract 50 million people pic.google.com / c5xpXwbM3F
When you ban PUBG Mobile but suddenly realise you'll have to employ 50 million people pic.twitter.com/c5xpXwbM3F
V When you ban PUBG Mobile but suddenly realise you'll have to employ 50 million people pic.twitter.com/c5xpXwbM3F
not
Problems:. -Rampant Sexual assualt in educational institutes.. -PIA Fake licenses.. -Baloch students arrested for protesting against inaccessibility of internet.. -215K corona cases & rising. -Christian man shot dead for buying house in Muslim majority.. Steps Taken:. -Ban PUBG  
Problems:.. -Wild sexual assaults in educational institutions.. -PIA fake licenses.. -Baloch students arrested because they protested against the inaccessibility of the Internet.. -215K Corona cases & rising. -Christian man shot because he had bought a house in Muslim majority.. Steps taken: -Ban PUBG.
# # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # #
Problems:. -Rampant Sexual assualt in educational institutes.. -PIA Fake licenses.. -Baloch students arrested on protesting online inaccessibility of internet.. -215K corona cases & more. -Christian man shot dead for looting property in Muslim neighbourhood Steps Taken:. -Ban PUBG
Problems :. - Rampant Sexual assualt in some educational institutes.. - PIA Fake internet licenses.. - Baloch students getting arrested and for protesting against inaccessibility of internet.. - All 215K corona cases & rising. - 2 Christian man being shot dead for buying house lots in Muslim student majority.. Steps Taken :. - 1 Ban PUBG
Short:. -Rampant religious assualt against educational system.. -PIA driver licenses.. -Baloch students burned for protesting over inaccessibility of internet.. -215K corona cases & rising. -Christian man shot homeless for selling house in Muslim majority.. Short Taken:. -Ban PUBG
 .  .  .  .  

.....
. . .. .
....
....
Atleast I can proudly say anywhere dt I never use tiktok&pubg & among these apps which list has been declared today in this newspepper cutting i didn't install anysingle one & Nt in my phone among them &bt only 1app among these once I have used  
"At least I can proudly say that I never use tiktok & pubg & among those apps whose list was published today in this newspaper clipping
"At least I can proudly say that nowhere do I ever use these apps
Atleast I can proudly say anywhere dt I never use tiktok&pubg & among these apps which list have been declared 1 in this newspepper cutting i NEVER install anysingle one by Nt in mah phone among them &bt only 1app among these once 2 have used
My Atleast and I can proudly only say anywhere dt I never use tiktok & pubg & among these apps which list has been basically declared useless today in and this new newspepper cutting i didn'u t immediately install anysingle one & Nt in my phone among them & bt only 1app among these once I have only used
Atleast I can proudly reveal anywhere dt had never added tiktok&pubg here among these ones which list has been declared absent in this newspepper cutting i didn't read anysingle one & Nt in my phone among them there only 1app found these once I have installed
" . Others:let's move on to cod
". Others: Let's move on to cod
". Others: let's move on to track
". Others:let's move on black cod
". do Others : let's move on straight to cod
". Others:let's move on hot cod
PUBG Mobile Ban in India: 5 Controversies That Rocked the Game Before paper.li/e-1475927417?r…  
PUBG mobile phone ban in India: 5 controversies that preceded the game paper.li / e-1475927417? r...
PUBG Mobile Ban in India: 5 versions that spoiled the game to paper.li / e-1475927417? r...
PUBG Mobile Test in India: Massive Controversies That Rocked to Game Before paper.li/e-1475927417?r…
PUBG Mobile to Ban Games in India : 5 Controversies How That I Rocked the Game Right Before I paper. li / p e - 1475927417? r …
PUBG A Video in India: 11 Controversies That Rocked the Game A Review.li/e-1475927417?r...
BANNED: More than 118 apps including PUBG banned in India  gadgetbridge.com/news/banned-mo… via @gadgetbridge
"BANNED: More than 118 apps
"BANNED: More than 118 apps
BANNED: More that 118 apps to PUBG banned in India  gadgetbridge.com/news/banned-mo… on @gadgetbridge
BANNED : 1 More than 1 118 apps including PUBG had banned themselves in India using gadgetbridge. h com / news / more banned - mo … via @gadgetbridge
News: fewer than 118 apps serving PUBG appeared in UK gadgetbridge.com/news/banned-mo... via @gadgetbridge
@PUBG_Support how and where can i report hacker. I have reported through in game and even sent id and video proof of hacking through Gmail to customer support. Let alone taking action no response from customer support. The hacker is openly hacking and is in asia duo top 50.
"@ PUBG _ Support how and where can I report hackers? I have logged through in-game and even sent ID and video evidence of the hacking via Gmail to customer service
@ PUBG _ Support how and where I can report a hacker.
@PUBG_Support hacks and which can i report hacker. I have reported through in game and even done id and video proof of hacking through Gmail to customer support. Let alone taking action no response from customer support. The organization is openly hacking & is in asia duo top 50.
@PUBG_Support from how and still where can i report hacker. I have reported anything through in game resources and even sent me id and video proof of a hacking information through Gmail to customer support. Let alone taking action no response from customer and support. The hacker is openly hacking and is rated in asia duo of top 50.
@PUBG_Support how and where can i report hacker. They have confirmed hacking in game but still sent id and video proof of hacking through myself to customer support. Let alone taking action no response from customer support. The hacker wants openly hacking and is in legal duo with 50.
Indian Govt. Banned  . . Government be like:. Winner Winner Chicken Dinner .  .  pic.twitter.com/SmBnjk2Z3j
Indian government banned. Government as follows: Winner winner Chicken Dinner.. pic.twitter.com / SmBnjk2Z3j
Indian goat. Banned... The government should be like this: The winner is a chicken dinner.. pic.wikipedia.org / SmBnjk2Z3j
Indian Govt. Banned  . . Government be like:. Winner Winner Chicken Dinner .  .  pic.twitter.com/SmBnjk2Z3j
2008 Indian Govt. Banned  . . Government be like:. Winner Winner Chicken Dinner .  .  pic.twitter.com/SmBnjk2Z3j
they
@ZakaWaqar you did a great job but  
"@ ZakaWaqar You did a great job
@ ZakaWaqar you did a great job but
@ZakaWaqar you did a great job!!
@ZakaWaqar you really did a pretty great job but
@ZakaWaqar you do a great job but
"Unable to buying pubg in steam
This man was unable to buy Pubg in Steam and had to play Pubg lite pic.twitter.com / yR3WeMCN6b
"Unable to buy pubg as a pair
"Unable to buying pubg in steam
"at Unable to buying pubg in steam
this
"@PUBG_Support why the game is freezing so much? In all of my matches game just stops and goes back few seconds after
"@ PUBG _ Support Why does the game freeze so much? In all my games the game just stops and goes back a few seconds
"@ PUBG _ Support why the game is freezing so much? In all of my matches game just stops and goes back few seconds after
"@PUBG_Support why the game is freezing so much? By all accounts my matches game just stops and goes back few seconds after
"Remember @PUBG_Support why the game is actually freezing so much? In above all of you my matches game just stops and goes back few seconds after
"@PUBG_Support why the game is freezing so much? Because all of my matches everything just dies and goes back few seconds after
@PUBG_Support the game keeps crashing and can’t load in the game after we ready up. Always 1 of us out of 4 won’t be able to load in. What’s going on?
@ PUBG _ Support The game keeps crashing and can't be loaded into the game after warming up. Always one in four of us won't be able to log in. What's going on?
@ PUBG _ Support the game keeps crashing and can't load in the game after we are ready up. Always 1 of us out of 4 won't be able to load in. What's going on?
@PUBG_Support the game keeps crashing and can’t load in the queue after we load up. Always 1 of us out of 4 won’t be able 1 load though. What’s going on?
@PUBG_Support the game keeps crashing and can ’ t t even load in up the game after we ready up. Always 1 of us out of the 4 games won t ’ t be able to load in. 25 What ’ s going over on?
@PUBG_Support the game keeps threatening to over load in any game after we ready up. Always 1 of us out of 4 won’t be enough to go in. What’s going on?
PUBG is banned in our county
PUBG is forbidden in our county
PUBG banned in our country
PUBG is banned in this county
Now PUBG is banned in our county
PUBG<unk> banned in our county
 
It is not the first time that the EU Commission has taken such a step.
"At the same time



"@PUBG_Support  Sorry but
"@ PUBG _ Support Sorry
"@ PUBG _ Support Sorry but
"@PUBG_Support  Sorry but
"@PUBG_Support Sorry but
"@PUBG_Support Sorry but
I think bots in @PUBG is a terrible mistake. . But hell I hope I get proven wrong somehow. . youtu.be/0S0TgBwcW7A
"I think bots in @ PUBG are a terrible mistake.. But damn
I think bots in @ PUBG is a terrible mistake... but hell I hope I get proved wrong someone... youtu.be / 0S0TgBwcW7A
I think bots in society am a terrible idea. ​ But hell I hope I get proven wrong somehow.. youtu.be/0S0TgBwcW7A
Sometimes I think these bots dying in @PUBG is a terrible mistake.. 21 But hell did I fucking hope I get proven wrong somehow.. that youtu. This be / 0S0TgBwcW7A
I think bots in fiction is damn terrible excuse.. But hell I hope we did it wrong somehow.. youtu.be/0S0TgBwcW7A
When pubg doesn't ban hackers so you ban the whole app . 
"If the government doesn't ban hackers
"When pubg doesn't ban users
When pubg doesn't ban hackers so you ban the web app.
When pubg 1 doesn't ban you hackers exactly so you ban the whole app.
When pubg an't ban hackers so you ban the Twitter app.
"My humble request please also ban on this apk. File its is available for pubg mobile.@PMOIndia. @rsprasad 
"My humble request also forbids this apk. The file is available for pubg mobile. @ PMOIndia. @ rsprasad
"My humble request please also ban on this apk. File its is available for pubg mobile. @ PMOIndia. @ rsad
"My humble request please also review on this apk. File its is available for pubg Mobile.@PMOIndia. app
"My very humble courtesy request please also ban on www this apk. m File its is available for pubg mobile. include @PMOIndia. @rsprasad
"My humble request please also ban download this apk. File in place available for download pool.@PMOIndia. @rsprasad
PUBG for PC awein took the beating.  Kids dont play it.  
PUBG for PC awein took the beatings. Children do not play them.
PUBG for PC awesome took the beating. Kids don't play it.
PUBG for PC awein took the beating. <unk> dont play it.
Just PUBG for PC that awein took the beating. Just Kids dont play it.
PUBG for PC awein took the beating. Buy dont play without.
That'd be so sad tho
That would be so sad.
That'd be so sad tho
That'd be awfully sad tho
That'd be so sad for tho
That'd be rather sad tho
" . Meanwhile Fortnite 
"Meanwhile Fortnite
"Meanwhile
" . Meanwhile Fortnite 
"and  . Meanwhile Fortnite 
the
"Indian Army to delete 89 apps including FB 
"Indian army deletes 89 apps
"The Indian army will remove 89 apps
"Indian officials to shut 89 apps including Twitter
"About Indian Army to delete 89 terrorist apps including FB
"wants Army to delete media accounts including FB
@PUBGMOBILE_IN Will you guys please remove hackers social account from my pubg account. I am continuously messaging you guys in customer support icon but no response recieved.
@ PUBGMOBILE _ IN Will you please remove Hacker Social Account from my Pubg account. I am constantly sending messages to you guys in customer service icon but have not received any response.
@ PUBGMOE _ IN I ask you guys to delete my social media account.
@PUBGMOBILE_IN Will you guys please remove this social account from my pubg account. M am trying messaging you guys in customer support icon but no response recieved.
@PUBGMOBILE_IN Will you guys please never remove hackers original social service account from my pubg account. I am continuously repeatedly messaging you guys in customer and support tool icon but no such response recieved.
@PUBGMOBILE_IN Will you guys please remove hackers social account in my pubg account. Also am continuously messaging you guys in customer service forums but no result recieved.
"@PUBGMOBILE Sir
"@ PUBGMOBILE Sir
"@ PUBGMOE Sir
"@PUBGMOBILE Sir
"A @PUBGMOBILE Sir
"@PUBGMOBILE Sir
Don't make it no better Verizon and shit closed 🤦‍. 
"Don't make it better
Don't do better than Verizon and shit shut down.
Don't make anyone no better Verizon and shit closed 🤦‍.
Don't make making it no the better for Verizon and shit closed [UNK].
Don't make it no better Verizon or shit all <unk>.
The @tiktok_us deal is starting to look like this fake commercial for Verizon-Chipotle-Exxon from Parks and Rec.. youtu.be/XFKoGtgg6Mo via @YouTube.  
The @ tiktok _ us deal is starting to look like this fake commercial for Verizon-Chipotle-Exxon from Parks and Rec. youtu.be / XFKoGtgg6Mo via @ YouTube.
The @ Hentok _ us deal is starting to look like this fake ad for Verizon-Chipotle-Exxon from Parks and Rec.. youtu.be / XFKoGtg6Mo via @ YouTube.
The @tiktok_us deal looked likely to look like this fake commercial for Verizon-Chipotle-Exxon from Parks and Wildlife youtu.be/XFKoGtgg6Mo through @YouTube.
... The whole @tiktok_us deal thing is starting to look just like that this is fake commercial offer for Verizon - purchased Chipotle - Exxon from Parks and Rec.. youtu. be / XFKoGtgg6Mo followed via a @YouTube.
The phone deal is complete this look at this ugly commercial called Verizon-Chipotle-Exxon Verizon Parks and Rec.. youtu.be/XFKoGtgg6Mo via @tiktok_us.
Are others losing data access on Verizon Wireless mysteriously around 6:30pm?  Try calling them. No way to get an answer.   
Do others mysteriously lose data access to Verizon Wireless around 6: 30 p.m.? Try calling them. No way to get a response.
Are others mysteriously losing access to data on Verizon Wireless around 6: 30 p.m.?
Are others losing broadband access on Verizon Wireless mysteriously around 6:30pm?  Try calling them. No way we get an answer.
3 Are others losing some data cable access on Verizon Wireless mysteriously around 6 : 50 30pm? Try calling them.... No way to get an answer.
Are we losing data access by Verizon Wireless mysteriously around 6:30pm? Try calling them. No way to get an account.
Verizon Fios be like: “yeah you have to pay your bill every month but you might not have internet during most of the month.” 🤷. ‍. 
"Verizon Fios: ""Yes
"Verizon Fios sounds something like
Verizon Fios be like: “yeah you have to pay your rates every month but it might not have internet during some of the month.” 🤷. ‍.
Verizon Fios be things like : yes “ yeah you have promise to only pay your bill every month but that you might not have internet during most of the summer month. ” [UNK]..
Verizon employee has said: “yeah you have to pay your phone every month but you might not have forgotten during most of the month.” <unk>..
"Funny how this issue is not HUGE during this pandemic. In fact
"Funny how this problem is not BIG during this pandemic. Actually
"Funny how this problem isn't HUGE during this pandemic. In fact
"Funny how this feature is not HUGE during each pandemic. In fact
"Funny how this issue is so not like HUGE during this pandemic. In fact
"Funny That this issue is so HUGE during our pandemic. In NYC
them mfs be making up charges i HATE verizon . 
They mfs fabricate allegations i hates Verizon.
Their mfs will be charges I WEEK verizon.
them mfs be making up charges i HATE verizon pay
for them mfs be making back up charges i am HATE verizon.
<unk> mfs be making up and i HATE verizon.
Verizon better count they fucking days
Verizon counts the damn days better
Verizon better count them fucking days
Verizon better count they fucking number
Verizon better count they fucking are days
Verizon better count there fucking days
Verizon website still not working.  Last person told me to use the app instead.  That don't work either.. . This video is actually 7+ minutes long and never loads.  . . @verizonfios @Verizon https://t.co/1NgPvzHlOJ
Verizon's website still doesn't work. Last person told me to use the app instead. Nor does it work... This video is actually 7 + minutes long and never loads.... @ verizonfios @ Verizon https: / / t.co / 1NgPvzHlOJ
It doesn't work either... This video actually lasts 7 + minutes and never loads... @ verizonfios @ Verizon https: / / co / 1NgPvzHlOJ
Verizon website still are showing.  Last person told me to use mobile app instead.  Downloads don't work either... This video is actually 7+ minutes long and never loads. . { @verizonfios @Verizon https://t.co/1NgPvzHlOJ]
Verizon Exchange website and still not working. Last person told me to use the Twitter app instead. 16 That don't work either... 11 This video feed is all actually 7 + minutes as long and almost never loads... @verizonfios @Verizon and https://t.co/1NgPvzHlOJ ]
Verizon website still not load. Last person told me to use Vodafone emails instead. That don't work either... This one is only 11+ minutes long and still loads... @verizonfios @Verizon &]
@VZWSupport I ported my number over to my Verizon account. Phone calls work. SMS is totally broken now.  Nothing in or out that way anymore. My Verizon app is also still broken. Not a great experience so far.
@ VZWSupport I ported my number to my Verizon account. Phone calls work. SMS is now completely broken. Nothing more in or out that way. My Verizon app is also still broken. Not a great experience so far.
@ VZWSupport I transferred my number to my Verizon account. Phone calls work.
@VZWSupport I turned my number over in my Verizon account. Phone calls work. SMS is totally dead now.  Nothing in or out that way anymore. My Verizon account is also still broken. Not a great experience so far.
@VZWSupport and I ported my number over to my busy Verizon account. Phone call calls not work. His SMS account is totally a broken now. 5 Nothing in or out that way anymore. My Verizon app bay is also still broken. Not a great experience found so far.
though I ported my number over to my Verizon account. Unlimited calls work. SMS is apparently broken now. Nothing connected or out that way anymore.<unk> Verizon Network is also still slow. Not a great experience so far.
Hey @verizonfios @verizon @VerizonSupport Why is my internet speed 563Mbps down\553Mbps up when I pay for 1Gig symmetric services?.  . . Test is performed over a wired connection with CAT8 SFTP 40GB cables.. speedtest.net/result/c/0451b…
Hey @ verizonfios @ verizon @ VerizonSupport Why is my Internet speed 563Mbps down 553Mbps when I pay for 1 gig symmetrical services?... Test is done over a wired connection with CAT8 SFTP 40GB cables.. speedtest.net / result / c / 0451b...
Hey @ verizonfios @ verizonSupport Why does my internet speed drop to 563 Mbit / s when I pay for 1Gig SIM card services?.. Testing is done via a wired connection with CAT8 SFTP 40GB cables.. speedtest.net / result / c / 0451b...
Hey all hi @verizonfios If is my service a 563Mbps down\553Mbps up when I pay for 1Gig symmetric services?. .. Test is performed over a wired connection over CAT8 SFTP 40GB cables.. speedtest.net/result/c/0451b…
Hey @verizonfios @verizon @VerizonSupport Why there is doubling my internet speed 563Mbps up down \ 553Mbps up when I pay for most 1Gig symmetric services?... A Test is performed only over a single wired USB connection with CAT8 SFTP 40GB cables.. in speedtest. net / 2013 result / c / 0451b …
Hey and<unk> Hey Why close YOUR internet connection 563Mbps down\553Mbps up when I pay for 1Gig symmetric services?... This is all over a fibre connection on CAT8 SFTP 40GB cables.. speedtest.net/result/c/0451b...
Hey @VZWSupport no response?
Hey @ VZWSupport no answer?
Hey @ VZWSupport no response?
Hey @VZWSupport – response?
22 Hey @VZWSupport no response?
Box @VZWSupport no response?
"So AT&T
"So AT & T
"So AT & T
"So AT&T
"23 So basically AT & T
"Will AT&T
"Thanks @verizon 
"Thank you @ verizon
"Thanks @ verizon
"Thanks RhandlerR 
"with Thanks RhandlerR 
to
"@verizonfios frustration! on hold for 30min
"@ verizonfios frustration! on hold for 30min
"@ verizonfios destruction! on hold for 30min
"@verizonfios frustration! on hold for hour
"@verizonfios frustration! goes on the hold for 30min
"Customer service! on hold for 30min
@Verizon your data is crawling this morning! What’s going on!?  
@ Verizon Your Data Crawling This Morning! What's Going On!?
@ Verizon your data crazy this morning! What's going on!?
@Verizon your data keep crawling this morning! What’s going on!?
@Verizon your data it is crawling online this morning! What all ’ s going on!?
@Verizon your data is full this morning! What’s the on!?
"Dear @verizon:. . READ THE ROOM
"Dear @ verizon:.. Read the room
"Dear @ verizon:.. READ THE ROOM
"Dear @verizon:.. READ THE ROOM
"Dear Anna @verizon :.. THE READ THE ROOM
"Dear @verizon:.. READ THE ROOM
"@VerizonSupport @verizonfios I was told if I make changes to my Verizon FiOS account after the specified date I will still be charged the same amount
"@ VerizonSupport @ verizonfios I have been told that if I make changes to my Verizon FiOS account after the specified date
"@ VerizonSupport @ verizonfios I was told if I make changes to my Verizon FiOS account after the specified date I will still be charged the same amount
"@VerizonSupport TE I was told if I make contributions to a Verizon FiOS account after the specified date I will still be charged the same amount
"@VerizonSupport T @verizonfios I was told if I did make changes to my Verizon FiOS account after only the specified date I will typically still be charged with the same amount
"@VerizonSupport @verizonfios I was told if I make changes about my Verizon FiOS coverage after any specified date I will still be fined the same amount
Don't use  

Don't use
Don't sleep
Don't just use
Don't you
"I’m beginning to think that this whole “Marcus the supervisor will call you in 30 minutes” stuff was just a way for the last @Verizon rep my hubs spoke to to get off the call. So now
"I'm starting to think that all this ""Marcus the superior will call you in 30 minutes"" stuff was just a way for the last @ Verizon representative that my hubs spoke to to to cancel the call."
"I'm starting to think that all this ""Marcus supervisor will call you in 30 minutes"" stuff was just a way for the last @ Verizon representative I spoke to to to dodge the call. So now they're not only incompetent
"I’m beginning to think that this whole “Marcus the customer back call him in 30 minutes” stuff was just a way asking the last @Verizon rep my hubs spoke with to get off the call. So now
"I ’ m already beginning to get think that this whole “ Marcus the supervisor will call you live in for 30 minutes ” stuff was just a dramatic way for the last @Verizon to rep my traffic hubs spoke to her to get hell off the call. So now
"I’m beginning to understand that this whole<unk> the supervisor would call you in 30 minutes” stuff was sent their way for the last @Verizon rep my hubs spoke with should get off the subject. So now
Hey @verizonfios @verizon @VerizonSupport Why is my internet speed 502Mbps down\251Mbps up when I pay for 1Gig symmetric services?.  . . Test is performed over a wired connection with CAT8 SFTP 40GB cables.. speedtest.net/result/c/cd0d4…
Hey @ verizonfios @ verizon @ VerizonSupport Why does my Internet speed drop by 502Mbps to 251Mbps when I pay for 1 gig of symmetrical services?... The test is done over a wired connection with CAT8 SFTP 40GB cables.. speedtest.net / result / c / cd0d4...
Hey @ verizonfios @ verizonSupport Why does my internet speed drop to 502Mbps when I pay for 1Gig SIM card services?.. Testing is done via a wired connection with CAT8 SFTP 40GB cables.. speedtest.net / result / c / cd0d4...
Hey @verizonfios … @verizon Why is my internet speed 502Mbps down\251Mbps up when taxpayers pay for 1Gig symmetric connections?.  …. Test is performed over local wired connection with CAT8 SFTP coax cables.. speedtest.net/result/c/cd0d4…
Hey @verizonfios @verizon @VerizonSupport So Why is my internet speed 502Mbps from down \ in 251Mbps to up when I cannot pay for 1Gig in symmetric services?... Test is performed over a a typical wired connection with CAT8 SFTP 40GB cables.. and speedtest. net / result / c / cd0d4... …
Hey @verizonfios So So Why is my internet service always slow\251Mbps up so visitors pay for 1Gig symmetric services?... Test is performed over 2 wired connection employing CAT8 SFTP 40GB cables.. the.net/result/c/cd0d4...
Hey @verizonfios @verizon @VerizonSupport Why is my internet speed 576Mbps down\259Mbps up when I pay for 1Gig symmetric services?.  . . Test is performed over a wired connection with CAT8 SFTP 40GB cables.. speedtest.net/result/c/7201d…
Hey @ verizonfios @ verizon @ VerizonSupport Why is my Internet speed 576Mbps down 259Mbps when I pay for 1 gig symmetrical services?... Test is done over a wired connection with CAT8 SFTP 40GB cables.. speedtest.net / result / c / 7201d...
Hey @ verizonfios @ verizonSupport Why does my internet speed drop to 576 Mbit / s when I pay for 1Gig SIM card services?.. Testing is done via a wired connection with CAT8 SFTP 40GB cables.. speedtest.net / result / c / 7201d...
Hey Hey @verizonfios @verizon Why is my internet speed 576Mbps down\259Mbps so now I pay for 1Gig symmetric services?. .. Test is performed from a wired connection with CAT8 SFTP serial cables.. mail.net/result/c/7201d…
Hey @verizonfios @verizon @VerizonSupport Why is using my internet speed 576Mbps down \ 259Mbps... up for when will I pay taxes for 1Gig symmetric networking services?... Test is performed all over a wired connection with CAT8 through SFTP or 40GB cables.. speedtest. net / end result / c / 7201d …
Hey @verizonfios @verizon @VerizonSupport Why is my internet speed of or\259Mbps up when I used for 1Gig symmetric cable?... Test is valid for 3 wired link with CAT8 SFTP compatible cables.. so.net/result/c/7201d...
@Verizon all of northeast  
@ Verizon North East
@ Verizon all of Northwest
@Verizon North of northeast
southwest @Verizon all of northeast
@Verizon east of northeast
@Verizon your 5G is not fast at all! Got new iPhone 12 pro and VZW 5G in 80927 is slow. What a let down!
@ Verizon Your 5G is not fast at all! Got new iPhone 12 pro and VZW 5G in 80927 is slow.
@ Verizon your 5G is not fast at all! Got new iPhone 12 pro and VZW 5G in 80927 is slow. What a let down!
@Verizon your 5G is not fast as all! Got new iPhone 12 T and VZW 5G in 80927 is slow. What BIG let down!
Now @Verizon your 5G thing is going not fast time at all! Got new the iPhone 12 MHz pro and VZW 5G in 80927 is extremely slow. What a let down!
@Verizon your 5G is not fast at all! Got a sub 12 pro 7 VZW 5G in November still slow. What a let down!
I haven’t even activated my service and I’m about to cancel this @Verizon sh*t . 
I haven't even activated my service yet and am about to cancel this @ Verizon sh * t.
I haven't even activated my service and am going to cancel this @ Verizon sh * t.
I haven’t even activated my service and I’m preparing to cancel this is sh*t.
I haven it ’ now t even activated my service number and I ’ don m about to cancel this @Verizon with sh * t.
I haven’t even tried my service since I’m about to cancel this hot sh*t.
@VerizonSupport @Verizon  technician damaged outside dryer vent today doing repair.need that fixed &paid for by Verizon ASAP as animals can enter my home through vent opening.He just left it laying on the ground No chance he didn’t notice.  Extremely unhappy with Verizon
@ VerizonSupport @ Verizon technician damaged outside dryer vent today doing repair.need that repaired and paid for by Verizon ASAP as animals can enter my house through vent. He just left it lying on the floor No chance he did not notice. Extremely unhappy with Verizon
"@ VerizonSupport @ Verizon technique damaged the outside of the ventilation pipe today doing renovation.need
@VerizonSupport AD  technician damaged outside ceiling vent today doing repair.need that fixed &paid for by Verizon just as animals can enter my room through vent opening.He just left it laying on the ground No chance he won notice.  Extremely unhappy with Verizon
@VerizonSupport @Verizon technician damaged outside dryer vent walls today beyond doing repair. need that vent fixed & all paid for by Verizon ASAP as animals can enter my home through vent opening.... He just left it laying on hitting the ground down No chance he actually didn ’ t initially notice.... Extremely unhappy with Verizon
@VerizonSupport @Verizon technician damaged outside dryer vent 4 doing repair.need that fixed &paid for by Verizon ASAP NO animals can reach my home through vent 3.He just left us laying on the roof No chance he didn’t notice. Extremely hot and Verizon
I answered 1 stray  
I replied 1 stray
I replied to line 1
I answered 1<unk>
Next I answered 1 stray
I answered 1 in
Verizon Trippin
Verizon Trippin
"Trippin
Verizon AOL
on Verizon Trippin
Verizon Sprint
@Verizon @hansvestberg I agree.  Let's turn this around and find out where my money went.  Why has YOUR customer service rep MISSED calling both times she said she would?
@ Verizon @ hansvestberg I agree. Let's turn this around and find out where my money went. Why didn't YOUR customer service representative call both times when she said she would?
@ Verizon @ hansberg I agree. Let's see where my money has gone.
@Verizon @hansvestberg I agree.  Let's turn this around and find out where my money is.  Why has YOUR customer finance rep MISSED even both times I said she would?
@Verizon @hansvestberg I fully agree. Let'2 s turn over this around and also find some out where my money actually went. Why has YOUR customer service rep into MISSED calling both these times she said she would?
@Verizon<unk> I agree. Let's turn back around and find you where my money sits. How has YOUR customer service rep MISSED calling both times and said she would?
@Verizon can you help me with an Apple watch order that’s been stuck somewhere in the Verizon maze for a month? Status says shipped with no pick for tracking number??
@ Verizon can you help me with an Apple Watch order that's stuck somewhere in the maze of Verizon for a month? Status says shipped with no selection for tracking number?
@ Verizon can you help me with an Apple watch order that's stuck somewhere in the Verizon maze for a month? Status says shipped with no pick for tracking number??
@Verizon can you help me with an Apple watch order that’s been stuck there in the Verizon maze for a month? Status says shipped with no credit for a number??
@Verizon can make you help me with an iPhone Apple watch order that ’ s been stuck alone somewhere in the Verizon digital maze maze for a whole month? Your Status says shipped with no pick pocket for tracking number??
@Verizon even finally help me with an Apple watch order that’s been forgotten somewhere in the Verizon maze for a minute? Status says shipped and no pick for tracking number??
"An hour later
One hour later still on the phone with
"An hour later
"An hour later
"An hour later
"per hour later
"cutting out toxic relationships starting with verizon who want me to ""pay my overdue phone bill"" .  the audacity"
"Eliminating toxic relationships
"cut out toxic relationships
"cutting out toxic relationships starting with verizon who want consumers to ""pay my overdue phone money"".  the audacity"
"by cutting out toxic abusive relationships starting with a verizon who want me around to "" pay my overdue phone card bill "". the audacity"
"cutting all toxic relationships starting with verizon who asked me just ""pay my overdue energy bill"". the audacity"
 
It is not the first time that the EU Commission has taken such a step.
"At the same time



@verizon. I cancelled ALL services. Please credit ALL of my accounts - as of now!. Right Now!. Like Now
@ verizon. I cancelled ALL services. Please credit ALL my accounts - as of now!.
@ verizon. I have canceled ALL services. Please enroll ALL my accounts - for now!. Right now!. Like Now
@verizon. I cancelled ALL services. Please restore ALL of my accounts - as of the Right Now!. Like Now
@verizon. sorry I cancelled your ALL services. Please credit ALL accounts of my accounts - as of that now!. Not Right Now!. Like Not Now
@verizon. I cancelled ALL services. Lost credit ALL in all accounts - as of now!. Right Now!. Like this
@VerizonSupport @Verizon @VZWSupport I’ve been on hold for 35 minutes trying to get a flip phone activated because *228 isn’t working can you help?
@ VerizonSupport @ Verizon @ VZWSupport I spent 35 minutes trying to get a flip phone activated because * 228 is not working. Can you help me?
"@ VerizonSupport @ Verizon @ VZWSupport I've been on standby for 35 minutes trying to activate a flip phone because * it doesn't work
@VerizonSupport @Verizon @VZWSupport I’ve been on hold taking 35 calls trying to get My flip phone activated because *228 isn’t working can you help?
@VerizonSupport @Verizon @VZWSupport I I ’ ve only been on hold for 35 minutes today trying to get myself a flip phone activated here because * 228... isn ’ t working now can you help?
@VerizonSupport @Verizon @VZWSupport I’ve been on hold for 35 weeks tried to get the flip phone activated because *228 Not working will you please?
verizon always trying sum bullshit when it comes to my bill
Verizon always tries buzz-bullshit when it comes to my bill
Verizon always tries to add bullshit when it comes to my bill
verizon always trying sum bullshit when it comes to its bill
verizon always trying sum bullshit when first it comes right to my bill
verizon always trying sum bullshit when it comes through my jewelry
okay is the @Verizon network ever going to be normal speed again or wtf is going on. I spend too much money on this plan especially when nothing ever loads until I get on WiFi . 
"Okay
"I spend too much money on this plan
okay finally the @Verizon network ever going to be normal somehow again or wtf is going on. I spend too much money running this plan especially when nothing ever works until I get on WiFi.
okay is the @Verizon network is ever going to almost be normal can speed down again or wtf is going back on. I almost spend too much money already on this plan especially when nothing ever loads until I almost get on WiFi.
of to the @Verizon<unk> ever going to be normal speed again or wtf is going on. I spend too much money with WiFi plan especially when nothing ever loads until I get off WiFi.
"Out of all the phone carriers to have curbside assistance
"Of all the phone providers that have kerb support
"Of all the carts that have a kerb
"Out u all the phone carriers to have curbside assistance
"1 Out of all the phone carriers to have curbside assistance
"Out of all the phone carriers to want curbside assistance
Verizon  just took my whole check Lmfaoo bastards
Verizon just got my whole check Lmfaoo bastards
Verizon just took my whole check Lmfaoo bastards
Verizon  just took my whole place Lmfaoo bastards
Verizon just took my whole phone check of Lmfaoo bastards
Verizon just took my whole party Lmfaoo bastards
"How do we have WiFi in airplanes but no cell service? Like we have service underground in the subway
"How do we have WiFi on airplanes but no cell service? How do we service underground in the subway
How do we have Wi-Fi on planes but no cellular service?
"How do we have reception in airplanes but no cell service? Like we have service underground on the subway
"... How do think we have WiFi in airplanes but absolutely no cell service? Like we have no service underground in the subway
"How would we have WiFi in airplanes for no cell penetration? Like we have service underground in the subway
Not great - $30 premium unless you go with Verizon or AT&T pic.twitter.com/0cBh6XfH5j
Not great - $30 premium unless you go with Verizon or AT & T pic.twitter.com / 0cBh6XfH5j
Not very - $30 premium unless you go with Verizon or AT & T pic.fm / 0cBh6XfH5j
Not great - $30 premium unless you go with Verizon or AT&T pic.twitter.com/0cBh6XfH5j
via Not great - $30 premium unless you go with Verizon or AT&T pic.twitter.com/0cBh6XfH5j
who
Hey @verizonfios @verizon @VerizonSupport Why is my internet speed 360Mbps down\327Mbps up when I pay for 1Gig symmetric services?.  . . Test is performed over a wired connection with CAT8 SFTP 40GB cables.. speedtest.net/result/c/7cf7b…
Hey @ verizonfios @ verizon @ VerizonSupport Why is my Internet speed 360Mbps down 327Mbps when I pay for 1 gig symmetrical services?... Test is done over a wired connection with CAT8 SFTP 40GB cables.. speedtest.net / result / c / 7cf7b...
Hey @ verizonfios @ verizonSupport Why does my internet speed drop to 360Mbit / s when I pay for 1Gig SIM card services?.. Testing is done via a wired connection with CAT8 SFTP 40GB cables.. speedtest.net / result / c / 7b7b...
Hey @verizonfios @verizon<unk> Why rate my internet speed 360Mbps low\327Mbps up when only pay for 1Gig symmetric services?. <unk>. Test is performed over a wired cable with CAT8 SFTP 40GB cables.. speedtest.net/result/c/7cf7b…
Hey @verizonfios @verizon @VerizonSupport Why no is my fucking internet speed 360Mbps down \ do 327Mbps up high when I pay for 1Gig and symmetric web services?... Test is performed over a wired connection with CAT8 SFTP 40GB video cables.. end speedtest. net / result / en c / 17 7cf7b …
Service @verizonfios @verizon @VerizonSupport Why is my connection speed 360Mbps down\327Mbps to because you pay for double symmetric connection?... Test is performed over 2 wired connection with CAT8 SFTP network cables.. please.net/result/c/7cf7b...
@verizon Can you waive some data overage charges? Been tough for folks out here.
@ verizon Can you waive some data overload fees?
@ verizon Can you wait for some data overload charges? Been tough for folks out here.
@verizon Can you make some data overage charges? Been tough for folks out here.
49 @verizon Can you waive some legal data overage charges? 2 Been tough for folks out around here.
@verizon Can Disney waive some data overage notices? Been tough times folks out here.
Verizon looking for violent racist woman who was in their store abusing employees.
Verizon is looking for a violent racist woman who abused employees at her store.
Verizon is looking for an aggressive racist who was in their store and verbally abused employees.
Verizon looking for violent racist woman who was in their store bullying employees.
Verizon looking specifically for violent racist woman who allegedly was in their store abusing Chinese employees.
Verizon apologized for violent racist woman because was in their store abusing employees.
@verizon if your military and veteran phone plan means paying $247.00 each month... then I'll pass. Why won't you fix this?? (Hmm... At&t is 2 blocks on right at Commerce st. You say??)  
"@ verizon
@ verizon if your military and veteran phone plan means paying $247.00 every month... then I'll pass. Why don't you fix it??? (Hmm... B & T is 2 blocks to the right of Commerce Street. You say??)
@verizon... your military & veteran phone plan means paying $247.00 each month... OK I'll go. Why won't you fix this?? (Hmm... M&t is 2 blocks on right at Commerce st. You say??)
@verizon if your military and a veteran phone plan means a paying $ 247. 5 00 each month... then I'll pass. Well Why won'e t you fix on this?? ( Hmm... At & t that is 2 blocks on their right side at Commerce st. You do say?? )
@verizon if your restaurant and college phone plan means returning $247.00 per monthly... then I'll pass. Why can't you fix their?? (Hmm... At&t is 2 blocks up right from Commerce st. You say??)
no why should i apologize to another verizon of oil london goodbye
"no
no why should i apologize to another verification of oil London goodbye
no why can i apologize to another verizon of oil london goodbye
but no why should not i apologize to another verizon brand of oil london goodbye
no why should i apologize to these verizon of oil london blog
Verizon really been lagging lately and it’s pissing me tf off
Verizon is really lagging behind lately and is peeing at me
Verizon is really late and that annoys me.
Verizon really been lagging lately and it’s letting me tf off
Verizon really really been lagging lately and it... ’ s really pissing me tf off
Verizon really been lagging lately and it’s taking their tf off
Hey @verizonfios @verizon @VerizonSupport Why is my internet speed 591Mbps down\226Mbps up when I pay for 1Gig symmetric services?.  . . Test is performed over a wired connection with CAT8 SFTP 40GB cables.. speedtest.net/result/c/1999d…
Hey @ verizonfios @ verizon @ VerizonSupport Why is my Internet speed 591Mbps down 226Mbps when I pay for 1gig symmetrical services?... Test is done over a wired connection with CAT8 SFTP 40GB cables.. speedtest.net / result / c / 1999d...
Hey @ verizonfios @ verizonSupport Why does my internet speed drop to 591 Mbit / s when I pay for 1Gig SIM card services?.. Testing is done via a wired connection with CAT8 SFTP 40GB cables.. speedtest.net / result / c / 1999d...
Hey User @verizonfios @verizon Why is my internet speed slowly down\226Mbps increase when I pay for 1Gig symmetric services?. .. Test is performed over a LAN connection with CAT8 SFTP 40GB cables.. broadband.net/result/c/1999d…
Because Hey @verizonfios Y @verizon @VerizonSupport Why is my internet link speed 591Mbps down \ 226Mbps up when did I pay for 1Gig symmetric services?... Test 1 is performed over a main wired internet connection with any CAT8 SFTP 40GB of cables.. speedtest. net / result / c / 01 1999d …
Hey @verizonfios can @verizon me put my internet speed 591Mbps down\226Mbps off when using download for my symmetric services?... Test<unk> performed over a wired link of CAT8 SFTP 40GB cables.. speedtest.net/result/c/1999d...
"@verizon I'm having lots of trouble in gaining access to past bills. If I don't find what I need
"@ verizon I'm having great difficulty getting access to past bills. If I can't find what I need
"@ verizon I'm having a lot of trouble in getting access to past bills. If I don't find what I need
"@verizon is having lots of trouble in gaining access to past bills. If I don't receive what I need
"@verizon and I'm having lots of trouble in gaining easy access according to the past bills. 13 If I don't find almost what I need
"@verizon know'm not lots of trouble on gaining access to past bills. If just don't find what I need
@hansvestberg  Verizon playing the biggest games of “just the top” with this fiber line that’s been uninstalled for months here pic.twitter.com/4UsVihlBgc
"@ hansvestberg Verizon plays the biggest games of ""just the top"" with this fiber line
"@ hansenberg Verizon is playing the biggest games ""just over the top"" with this fiber optic line that was uninstalled here a few months ago."
RhandlerR  Verizon playing the biggest games of “just the top” with this fiber line that’s been uninstalled for months here pic.twitter.com/4UsVihlBgc
2006 RhandlerR  Verizon playing the biggest games of “just the top” with this fiber line that’s been uninstalled for months here pic.twitter.com/4UsVihlBgc
<unk>
"The proposed fines for AT&T
"The proposed fines for AT & T
"The proposed fines for AT & T
"The proposed fines of AT&T
"s The proposed arbitration fines for AT & T
"The 2012 fines for AT&T
@verizon this is to notify you that ur company is harassing me for a payment that I do not owe. I will pursue this in court
@ verizon this is to notify you that our company is harassing me for a payment I don't owe. I will pursue this in court
@ verizon this is to notify you that our company is enjoying me for a payment that I do not owe. I will hear this in court
@verizon this is to notify you that ur company is harassing you for a payment that I do not owe. I could pursue this in court
I @verizon said this is to notify you that that ur company is harassing me for a compensation payment that I don't owe. I though will pursue this policy in court
@verizon this Let her notify you that ur ex is harassing me for a payment that I do indeed owe. I will pursue this in court
@VZWSupport Your company screwed me/my family out of $900. I guess screwing your customers is the new way of doing business in America. Anybody who happens to read this Tweet& is looking for a phone company DON’T USE VERIZON they prefer to keep you overpaying for their service. https://t.co/iAAoK0wLPB
@ VZWSupport Your company has screwed me / my family out of $900. I guess screwing your customers is the new way to do business in America. anyone reading this tweet and looking for a phone company that DOES NOT USE VERIZON would prefer to overpay you for service. https: / / t.co / iAoK0wLPB
"@ VZWSupport Your company has taken me / my family out of $900. I believe that screwing the screws on your customers is a new way of doing business in America. Anyone reading this article looking for a phone company
@VZWSupport Your company screwed personally/my family out of $900. & know screwing your customers will the new way of doing business in America. Anybody who happens to read this Tweet& is looking for a phone company DON’T USE Comcast they prefer to keep you overpaying using their service. https://t.co/iAAoK0wLPB]
@VZWSupport Your company really screwed me / my family out out of $ 900. I guess screwing your customers is the new way north of doing dirty business in America. Anybody who happens up to read this Tweet & is actually looking for a phone distribution company DON ’ T USE VERIZON they prefer just to keep you without overpaying for their service. 2009 https://t.co/iAAoK0wLPB ]
[ Your boss screwed my/my friend clear of dinner. I guess screwing your customers is the new way of doing business in America. Anybody who happens to read this Tweet& is looking for a phone company DON’T BE VERIZON they prefer they keep you overpaying for their phones. 20]
@sprintcare wrongfully reported my wife's imei number as stolen from a phone bought from and used with @VZWSupport no help in getting this removed from anyone including @TMobileHelp that we were signing up with. Its fraud and the consumer has to pay. Phone was 3yrs on Verizon
"@ sprintcare mistakenly reported my wife's number stolen from a phone purchased by @ VZWSupport and used with @ VZWSupport. That doesn't help anyone
"@ sprintcare mistakenly reported my wife's number as stolen from a phone purchased and used with @ VZWSupport
@sprintcare wrongfully reported my wife's imei number getting stolen with a phone bought from and used with @VZWSupport no help in getting this removed from anyone including @TMobileHelp that we were signing up with. Communications stolen and the consumer had to pay. Phone was 3yrs on Verizon
@sprintcare wrongfully reported my wife's imei computer number as stolen being from her a phone bought out from and used with @VZWSupport no help in my getting this removed from anyone including @TMobileHelp that company we were signing up with. Its outright fraud and the consumer has shit to pay. Phone was 3yrs app on free Verizon
We wrongfully reported my mom's imei number as stolen from a phone bought from Verizon used with @sprintcare no progress in getting info removed of anyone thru @VZWSupport that we tried signing up with. Its fraud and the consumer has to pay. Mom was 3yrs on Verizon
maaaan fuck verizon a bitch is abt to go tf off...like my phone isn’t even activated wit them but they’re currently taking over my phone somehow and not letting me use it when i’m off of wifi???. 
"maaaan fuck verizon a bitch is abt to go tf off... like my phone is not even activated wit them
maaaan fuck verify a bitch is abt to go tf off... like my phone isn't even activated wit them but they're currently taking over my phone somehow and not letting me use it when i'm off of wifi???.
maaaan fuck verizon a bitch is abt to go bloody off...like my phone is even activated wit them but their currently taking over my phone somehow and not letting u reset it when i’m off of wifi???.
a maaaan fuck verizon a bitch is abt to go some tf com off... like my phone battery isn ’ 2 t even fully activated wit them but they ’ re currently taking authority over my phone somehow and not yet letting me use it when i decided ’ could m off of wifi???.
maaaan fuck verizon the idiot is abt to cut tf off...like my phone isn’t getting activated wit all but they’re currently looking over my phone somehow though not letting me have that when i’m off of wifi???.
"@Verizon switching phone carrier
"@ Verizon switching phone provider
"@ Verizon switching phone carrier
"@Verizon switching cell carrier
"@Verizon switching phone carrier
"@Verizon switching my<unk>
Verizon is finna hear my mouth tomorrow morning bc why im not getting my calls & why my network connection acting an ass!!!???
Verizon is finna hear my mouth tomorrow bc why im not getting my calls & why my network connection acting an ass!!!???
Verizon is finna hear my mouth tomorrow bc why im not getting my calls & why my network connection acting an ass!!???
Verizon is finna hear my mouth tomorrow morning bc why im not getting my calls & why my network company was an ass!!!???
So Verizon Wireless is finna hear round my mouth tomorrow morning bc just why im not still getting my calls & why my network connection acting me an ass!!!???
Verizon is finna hear my data tomorrow tonight bc why im not getting my calls & how my network connection was an ass!!!???
I’m going back to t-mobile Verizon sucks
I'm going back to t-mobile Verizon sucks
I go back to the T-Mobile Verizon sucks
I’m going back to white-mobile Verizon sucks
I ’ m going for back to t - S mobile Verizon sucks
I’m going back with t-mobile Verizon sucks
This is ridiculous pic.twitter.com/4TNeHzobjS
This is ridiculous pic.twitter.com / 4TNeHzobjS
This is ridiculous pic.google.com / 4TNeHzobjS
This is ridiculous pic.twitter.com/4TNeHzobjS
W This is ridiculous pic.twitter.com/4TNeHzobjS
to
You pay for most expensive @Verizon plan just for the networks to be backed up. no way I should have full bars and can barely send an iMessage
You pay for the most expensive @ Verizon plan just to secure the networks. I definitely shouldn't have full beams and can barely send an iMessage
You're paying for the most expensive @ Verizon plan just to have networks booked.
You pay for most expensive @Verizon plan just so the networks to be backed forever. no way I already have full bars and can barely send an iMessage
50 You pay for most expensive wireless @Verizon plan just only for the networks now to be completely backed up. no way I should have full bars and can just barely send an iMessage
now pay for their expensive @Verizon plan just for which networks<unk> be backed up. no way I should have full bars and can barely play an iMessage
"Verizon
"Verizon
Verizon and T-Mobile customers suck money back LTE pic.cc / A3OfopNvsf
"Verizon
"1 Verizon
up
Verizon is gonna charge extra for 5G? 🤨 ATT looking real nice right about now lmao
Verizon will charge extra for 5G? ATT looks really nice right now lmao
Is Verizon going to charge extra for 5G? ATT looks really good right now lmao
Verizon is gonna charge extra by 5G? 🤨 ATT looking real nice right around now lmao
If Verizon Wireless is gonna charge extra batteries for 5G? [UNK] ATT looking real nice is right about now lmao
Verizon also gonna charge extra for 5G? <unk> ATT looking real nice right for me lmao
Pat just told me to stop talking shit about @verizon on Twitter because they’re manipulating our service! I have both cell & home package with them.   
Pat just told me to stop talking shit on Twitter about @ Verizon because they are manipulating our service! I have both mobile phone and home package with me.
Pat just told me to stop saying shit about @ verizon on Twitter because they are manipulating our service!
Pat just told her to stop talking shit about @verizon on Twitter because they’re manipulating our politics! I have both cell & home package with Dan.
Because Pat had just told me to stop not talking that shit about @verizon on Twitter because they hear ’ may re manipulating our customer service! I have both cell & home package with them.
Pat just told me they stop talking shit in @verizon on Twitter as they’re manipulating our service! I have both work & home package with them.
(: i’ve called verizon for three days trying to get a technician bc my wifi isn’t working and i can’t get on my zoom classes or do any desktop hw and i’ve been on hold for two hours everytime and i don’t have time to wait 3+ hours to speak to rep. @verizonfios fix ur shit !!!
(: I called Verizon for three days trying to get a technician because my wifi doesn't work and I can't go to my zoom courses or do any desktop HW and I've always been on hold for two hours and I don't have time to wait more than 3 hours to speak to representatives. @ verizonfios fix ur shit!!!
(: i've called verification for three days trying to get a technique bc my wifi isn't work and i can't get on my zoom classes or do any desktop hw and i've been on hold for two hours everyday and i don't have time to wait 3 + hours to speak to rep. @ verizonfios fix ur shit!!
(: have called verizon for three days trying to talk a technician bc my wifi isn’t working and i can’t get on my zoom classes or do any calls hw and i’ve been getting hold for two hours everytime and i don’t have time but be 3+ hours to speak another rep. PLEASE fix ur shit!!!
( : i ’ ve just called verizon for three entire days trying unsuccessfully to get a technician bc my wifi isn ’ t working and now i can ’ t get on double my zoom into classes or not do any desktop assignments hw and i ’ ve been on hold for approximately two hours everytime already and i don ’ t have time to wait 3 + hours to speak to rep. @verizonfios fix ur shit!!!
(: i’ve called verizon for three days trying a contact a technician bc my wifi is working and i can’t get on until previous classes then do work desktop hw and i’ve been on it for two hours everytime and i don’t have time to visit 3+ hours to speak for rep. @verizonfios fix ur shit!!!
idk what Verizon got going on but they better get they shit together ASAP
"idk what Verizon has done
idk what Verizon got going on but they better get they shit together ASAP
idk what Verizon got going on but they better get they heads together ASAP
idk what Verizon really got going on but thought they would better get they shit together ASAP
idk what Verizon got going on but they better get my shit together over
"Hey @VerizonSupport @Verizon @VZWSupport I’ve been getting spotty to no cell signal in my house for over a year. I could make calls at work but now that I’m home this is a huge problem. Been in chat with you for 3.5 hours today
"Hello @ VerizonSupport @ Verizon @ VZWSupport I've always been spotty on any cell phone signal in my house for over a year. I was able to make calls at work
"Hey @ VerizonSupport @ Verizon @ VZWSupport I've been getting spotty to no cell signal in my house for over a year. I could make calls at work but now that I'm home this is a huge problem. Been in chat with you for 3.5 hours today
"Hey RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR I’ve been getting spotty to no cell signal in my house for over a year. I could make calls at work but now that I’m home this is a huge problem. Been in chat with you for 3.5 hours today
"with Hey RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR I’ve been getting spotty to no cell signal in my house for over a year. I could make calls at work but now that I’m home this is a huge problem. Been in chat with you for 3.5 hours today
this
They took my phone number from me. Thanks @verizon I was rey pay the bill yall couldn't jus give me more time tf
"They took my phone number
Thanks @ verizon I was really pay the bill yall couldn't jus give me more time tf
They took my phone number from me. Thanks @verizon I was rey pay the bill yall r jus give me enough time tho
They quickly took my house phone and number from me. Thanks the @verizon I was thinking rey pay the bill yall couldn't we jus give me more time tf
They took my phone information from me. Thanks you I could rey pay the bill yall just't jus give me more information tf
Hey @verizonfios @verizon @VerizonSupport . Why is my internet speed 387Mbps down\357Mbps up when I pay for 1Gig symmetric services?  . . speedtest.net/result/c/db64a…
Hello @ verizonfios @ verizon @ VerizonSupport. Why does my Internet speed drop 387Mbps\ 357Mbps when I pay for 1 gig symmetrical services?.. speedtest.net / result / c / db64a...
Hey @ verizonfios @ verizonSupport. Why does my internet speed drop to 387Mbit / s when I pay for 1Gig services?. speedtest.net / result / c / dba...
Hey guys @verizonfios @verizon. Why is my internet speed with f\357Mbps gone while I pay for 1Gig symmetric services? .. speedtest.net/result/c/db64a…
Hey @verizonfios @verizon You @VerizonSupport. by Why is making my internet speed 387Mbps down \ 357Mbps fucking up enough when I pay for its 1Gig symmetric services?.. at speedtest. net / end result / page c / db64a... …
<unk> @verizonfios Dear @verizon. Why is my data speeds 387Mbps down\357Mbps out when you surf for 1Gig symmetric data?.. under.net/result/c/db64a...
My  

My
My
5 My
what
omfg that’s why i can’t get any calls.....
omfg that's why I don't get calls.....
omfg that's why i can't get any calls.....
omfg that’s why i can’t get my calls.....
i omfg that this ’ s why i never can ’ i t get any calls.....
omfg disappeared so i can’t handle any calls.....
why is there so much sexual tension between verizon and at&t
Why is there so much sexual tension between Verizon and AT & T?
Why there is such sexual tension between Verizon and AT & T
why is<unk> so much sexual tension between verizon and at&t
why is there so obviously much sexual tension between oral verizon syndrome and at & t
why is there very much sexual tension between verizon and Android&t
Verizon so fckin stupid
Verizon so crazy stupid
Verizon so fckin stupid
Verizon so fuckin stupid
Verizon so fckin a stupid
Verizon so stupid stupid
And maybe I’ll just keep retweeting this over and over again until someone gets their head out of their ass
And maybe I'll retweet that over and over again until someone takes their head out of their ass.
And maybe I'll just repeat it over and over again until someone gets their head out of their ass
And maybe I’ll just keep explaining this over and over again until someone gets their head ass of their ass
Or And maybe I ’ ll happily just keep retweeting this over and over again until maybe someone gets their head pulled out of their stupid ass
And maybe are gonna keep retweeting this over and over again until somebody gets their head out of our ass
"WOW @Verizon 🥴 after of weeks of giving you guys the benefit of the doubt
"WOW @ Verizon after weeks of giving you the benefit of the doubt
"WOW @ Verizon after of weeks of giving you guys the benefit of the debt
"WOW @Verizon 🥴 after of weeks of giving you guys the benefit if the former
"WOW @Verizon [UNK] after instead of five weeks of us giving you guys the benefit only of the doubt
"WOW @Verizon <unk> after of weeks for putting both guys the benefit of the doubt
Hey @Verizon we have tried contacting you in everyway and have gotten nowhere. We have issues and YOU CAN'T BE REACHED! Our experience with Verizon has been SO BAD that we just want out. Maybe @ATT is looking for a new customer.
Hey @ Verizon we tried to contact you in every way and have achieved nothing. We have problems and you can't be reached! Our experience with Verizon was so bad that we just want to get out. Maybe @ ATT is looking for a new customer.
Hey @ Verizon we try contact you in anyway and have got nowhere. We have issues and YOU CAN't REACHED! Our experience with Verizon has been SO BAD that we just want out. Maybe @ ATT is looking for a new customer.
Hey @Verizon we have in contacting you in everyway & have gotten frustrated. We have issues and YOU CAN'T BE REACHED! Our experience with Verizon has ended SO BAD that we just want over. Maybe @ATT is looking for a new customer.
Hey @Verizon we have tried contacting you guys in everyway and have gotten... nowhere. We have issues and YOU CAN'T BE REACHED! Our experience with Verizon Wireless has been just SO on BAD that we just might want out. 12 Maybe @ATT is also looking quickly for a warm new customer.
Hey guys we have sent contacting you down everyway and have arrived nowhere. We have issues and YOU CAN'T BE REACHED! Our experience with Verizon must been absolutely BAD BUT we simply want out. Maybe @Verizon is looking for a new customer.
Everyone on my last fucking nerve and I hate this job and Verizon took all my money in my sleep I literally want to die everyone leave me alone
Everyone on my last fucking nerve and I hate this job and Verizon took all my money into my sleep I literally want to die everyone leaves me alone
Everything is on my last fucking nerve and I hate this job and Verizon took all my money in my sleep I literally want to die everyone leave me alone
Everyone on my holy fucking nerve and I hate this guy and Verizon took all my money in my sleep I literally want to die everyone leave me alone
Everyone on my last fucking damned nerve and I hate this job and Verizon I took to all my new money in all my sleep I literally freaking want to die everyone leave me alone
Everyone on my last fucking nerve oh I hate this job and Verizon took all my money all my watch I literally want to die everyone leave this alone
Not my favorite no-apologies greedy corporation!
"Not my favourite
Not my favorite innocuous greedy corporation!
Not my favorite no-apologies greedy bunny!
12 Not about my favorite no - apologies greedy corporation!
Not my greedy no-apologies greedy corporation!
Verizon is having a bad Monday pic.twitter.com/ctSTk6qZt0
Verizon has a bad Monday pic.twitter.com / ctSTk6qZt0
Verizon has a bad Monday pic.wikipedia.org / STk6qZt0
Verizon is having a bad Monday pic.twitter.com/ctSTk6qZt0
Team Verizon is having a bad Monday pic.twitter.com/ctSTk6qZt0
the
Verizon so trash
Verizon so garbage
Verizon so trash
Verizon so ber
Watching Verizon so trash
Verizon so horrible
I hate you guys @Verizon never again
I will never hate you @ Verizon again
I hate you guys @ Verizon never again
I hate you guys @Verizon never stopped
I hate you yellow guys @Verizon never walk again
totally hate you guys @Verizon never again
"Kinda missing T Mobile right now
"Somehow missing T Mobile now
"Kinda missing T Mobile right now
"Kinda missing T Mobile right now
"Kinda missing T... Mobile right now
"Kinda missing T Mobile right now
Hey @verizonfios @verizon @VerizonSupport Why is my internet speed 326Mbps down\808Mbps up when I pay for 1Gig symmetric services?.  . . Test is performed over a wired connection with CAT8 SFTP 40GB cables.. speedtest.net/result/c/2204c…
Hey @ verizonfios @ verizon @ VerizonSupport Why is my Internet speed 326Mbps down to 808Mbps when I pay for 1 gig symmetrical services?... Test is done over a wired connection with CAT8 SFTP 40GB cables.. speedtest.net / result / c / 2204c...
Hey @ verizonfios @ verizonSupport Why does my internet speed drop to 326 Mbit / s when I pay for 1Gig SIM card services?.. Testing is done via a wired connection with CAT8 SFTP 40GB cables.. speedtest.net / result / c / 2204c...
Hey @verizonfios @verizon @VerizonSupport Why is your connection speed 326Mbps down\808Mbps up when I go for 1Gig symmetric services?. <unk>. Usage is performed over a wired connection with CAT8 SFTP power cables.. speedtest.net/result/c/2204c…
Hey @verizonfios Listen @verizon @VerizonSupport Why is raising my fast internet speed 326Mbps down \ about 808Mbps up when I happily pay for 1Gig digital symmetric services?... First Test running is often performed over a wired connection with internal CAT8 SFTP 40GB cables.. speedtest. net / result / c / 2204c …
Hey you<unk><unk> Why is our internet from 326Mbps down\808Mbps until when I pay for 1Gig symmetric services?... After I performed over a wired connection like CAT8 SFTP and cables.. speedtest.net/result/c/2204c...
I would just like to once again express my hatred for @Verizon I went to pick up the phone I already paid for and was told I can’t bc my name is not on the business account. Although the email says I just need my license and credit card. Verizon is the worst.
"I just want to reiterate my hatred for @ Verizon. I went to the phone I had already paid for and was told that my name could not be on the company account
I just wanted to once again express my hatred for @ Verizon I went to pick up a phone I had already paid for and I was told I could not bc my name is not on a business account. Although the email says I just need my license and credit card.
I do just like to single again express my hatred towards @Verizon I forgot to pick up the phone I already paid for and was instructed I can’t bc my name is not supporting the business account. Although the email says I just need my license and credit card. Verizon is the worst.
I would just like to once again express my hopeless hatred for @Verizon though I went home to back pick up the phone that I got already paid for and was told I can not ’ go t bc my name is not on the business account. Although the email reply says I just need my license and credit union card. Verizon is the worst.
I would just like to once again express complete hatred for Verizon I went to pick up this phone I already asked for and was informed I can’t bc their name is not on the business account. Although the store says I just need my license by credit card. Verizon is the phone.
Hi @verizon and @VerizonSupport ..your customer service is on the line right now. I am experiencing a bait and switch promo with you right now. Promised 2 iPhone 8 phones for $5 each per month. Any additional fees would be reimbursed. I’m left paying FULL price.. Make. It. Right.
Hello @ Verizon and @ VerizonSupport.. Your customer service is just on the line. I'm experiencing a lure and switching with you the promo. Promised 2 iPhone 8 phones for $5 per month. Any additional fees would be refunded.
Hi @ verizon and @ VerizonSupport.. your customer service is now on line. I am now being tempted and switching promos with you. 2 iPhone 8 phones were promised for $5 each per month. Any additional fees will be paid.
Hi @verizon and @VerizonSupport..your customer service is of the mend right now. I am experiencing a bait and switch promo with you right online. Promised 2 iPhone 8 phones for $5 each per month. Any other fees would be reimbursed. I’m left paying FULL … Make. America. Right.
Hi @verizon and @VerizonSupport.. your customer service is on the line right now. I immediately am experiencing a bait take and switch promo with you right to now. Promised 2 iPhone 8 phones for $ 45 5 per each bill per month. Any additional contact fees would be reimbursed. I ’ m left paying for FULL about price.. your Make. It. Right.
to @verizon and @VerizonSupport..your Phone service is on the decline for me. I am experiencing a bait and switch promo with you right now. Promised 2 iPhone 8 phones for $5 each plus month. Then additional fees would your reimbursed. For just paying FULL price.. Make. It. Right.
"@FredTJoseph hey fred
"@ FredTJoseph hey fred
"@ FredTJoseph hey Fred
"RhandlerR hey fred
"Sony RhandlerR hey fred
is
"HOW THE HECK DOES T-MOBILE
"HOW HAVE THE HECK T-MOBILE
"HOW HEK DOUTS T-MOE
"HOW THE HECK DOES T-MOBILE
"K HOW THE U HECK DOES a T - MOBILE
"YOUR CAN HECK<unk> T-MOBILE
Finally told Verizon to fuck off after paying almost $200 a month for over a year . 
"Eventually
"Finally
Finally told Verizon to fuck off after paying almost $200 a month for around a year.
And Finally Harris told Verizon to fuck off after paying almost $ 200 a given month and for over a year.
Finally told Verizon would fuck off after paying almost $200 a month for over a quarter.
@Verizon if this is 4g I can't wait for 5g pic.twitter.com/IA2fx7Zo5X
"@ Verizon if that's 4g
@ Verizon if this is 4g I can't wait for 5g pic.su / IA2fx7Zo5X
RhandlerR if this is 4g I can't wait for 5g pic.twitter.com/IA2fx7Zo5X
See RhandlerR if this is 4g I can't wait for 5g pic.twitter.com/IA2fx7Zo5X
You
"@verizon yall better let me get my iphone today. I've been a memeber for a very long time. Since 2007/2008. I want an iphone so bad but if I get hit with the ""pay $830"" I will LEAVE YALL !"
"@ verizon yall better let me get my iPhone today. I have been a member for a very long time. Since 2007 / 2008. I want an iPhone so bad
"@ verizon yall better let me get my iphone today. I've been a memeber for a very long time. Since 2007 / 2008. I want an iphone so bad but if I get hit with the ""pay $830"" I will LEAVE YALL!"
"@verizon<unk> better let I take my iphone today. I've been a memeber for a very long time. Since 2002/2008. I want an iphone so bad but because I get hit with the ""pay $830"" shit will LEAVE YALL!"
"@verizon yall better let me get what my iphone made today. Now I've been a memeber for a whole very damn long time. Since 2007 / 2008. Because I want an iphone so fucking bad but if I will get hit with it the "" pay $ 1 830 "" I will LEAVE YALL!"
"@verizon yall kindly let me get my iphone today. I've be a memeber for a very long age. Since 28/2008. I want an iphone extremely much but if I get hit with my ""pay up"" I must LEAVE YALL!"
Hey  

Hey
Hey
Not Hey
<unk>
damn @Verizon YOUR WEBSITE IS TERRIBLE
damn @ Verizon YOUR WEBSITE IS TERRIBLE
Damn @ Verizon YOUR
damn @Verizon YOUR ADD IS TERRIBLE
A damn @Verizon YOUR WEBSITE... IS IT TERRIBLE
damn A YOUR WEBSITE A TERRIBLE
damn even Verizon Wireless leaves me on open smh. 
damn yet Verizon Wireless leaves me open smh.
"Hell
damn even Verizon Wireless leaves me ears open smh.
damn even her Verizon Wireless Security leaves me on open smh.
damn even Verizon Wireless wants me on open smh.
@verizonfios Verizon techs knocked out my power yesterday while installing Fios. We still haven’t seen an electrician. 24 hours no power and counting. Please assist
@ Verizonfios technicians from Verizon cut off power to me yesterday when installing Fios. We still haven't seen an electrician. No electricity and counting for 24 hours. Please help.
@ verizonfios Verizon teb knocked out my power yesterday while installing Fios. We still haven't seen. 24 hours without electricity and counting. Please help.
@verizonfios Verizon techs knocked out my power yesterday while installing Fios. We still haven’t seen an outage. 24 hours no power after DSL. Please assist
@verizonfios Verizon techs here knocked out my solar power yesterday while installing Fios. We just still still haven haven ’ t seen an electrician. 24 hours no automatic power cuts and counting. Please assist
our Verizon techs knocked out their power yesterday while installing Fios. We still just seen an electrician. 48 days no power and counting. Please assist
the broken experience of attempting to  . @verizonfios . @VerizonSupport pic.twitter.com/dxrg2QOenb
the broken experience of trying. @ Verizonfios. @ VerizonSupport pic.twitter.com / dxrg2QOenb
Broken experience trying. @ verizonfios. @ VerizonSupport pic.su / dxrg2QOenb
the broken experience of attempting to  . RhandlerR . RhandlerR pic.twitter.com/dxrg2QOenb
3 the broken experience of attempting to  . RhandlerR . RhandlerR pic.twitter.com/dxrg2QOenb
in
@verizon your commercials include men who haven't shaved and a woman with a stud in her tongue. eww.
"@ verizon Your ad includes men who have not shaved
@ verizon your commercials include men who haven't shaved and a woman with a hairpin in her tongue.
@verizon your commercials include men but haven't shaved and a beauty with a stud in her tongue. eww.
@verizon your TV commercials include men who haven't shaved and have a woman staring with a stud in her hooked tongue. Hot eww.
@verizon your commercials regarding men who weren't shaved and a witch sporting a stud in her tongue. eww.
currently otp with Verizon. we pay y’all too much for my shit not to be working without WiFi
currently otp with Verizon. We pay y'all too much for my shit not to work without WiFi
Currently otp with Verizon. We pay y'all too much for my shit not to be working without WiFi
currently working with Verizon. we missed y’all too much for my shit not to be working without WiFi
We currently otp with Verizon. we would pay y ’ all too much for my fucking shit and not to be still working without WiFi
currently otp on Verizon. we pay y’all too much for my laptop not to be working with WiFi
This shit here
This shit here
It's shit here
This happened here
This shit got here
This comes here
"@Verizon  I’m done with y’all
"@ Verizon I'm done with y'all
"@ Verizon I'm done with y'all
"@Verizon  is done with y’all
"@Verizon and I ’ L m done with y ’ all
"@Verizon I’m done with y’all
"Tried to call 911 for an emergency and my phone dropped the call and went to no service. Service came back called again
"Tried to call 911 for an emergency and my phone dropped the call and went to no service. Service came calling again
"The service called back
"Tried to ring 911 for an emergency and my phone dropped the call and went to no service. Service came back called again
"Tried to call call 911 for an emergency phone and my phone and dropped the call and phone went to no service. Service came call back called again
"Tried on call 911 for an emergency and my phone dropped the call and little to no service. P<unk> back called again
"Trying to cancel my Verizon home internet is a kafkaesque exercise in futility. The online link to ""cancel services"" takes you to a page where you can... buy more services."
"Trying to cancel my Verizon home Internet connection is a Kafkaesque exercise in futility. An online link to ""Cancellation of services"" will take you to a page where you can... buy more services."
"Trying to cancel my home internet connection with Verizon is a futile exercise. An online link to ""cancel services"" takes you to a page where you can... buy more services."
"Trying to cancel my Verizon owned internet is a kafkaesque exercise in futility. The above link playing ""cancel services"" takes you to this page where you can... buy more services."
"4 Trying to cancel my Verizon home network internet is a kafkaesque exercise in futility. The online link screen to "" could cancel services "" automatically takes you directly to such a page where you can... buy any more online services."
"Trying to cancel my Verizon home internet became a kafkaesque exercise through futility. The text link asking ""cancel services"" takes you to a website where you can... buy more and."
@Verizon you really be clear in your promotions and not trick your customers into opening credit cards in exchange for discounts that don’t even exist
@ Verizon you really need to be clear in your actions and not persuade your customers to open credit cards in exchange for discounts that don't even exist
@ Verizon you really should be clear in your promotions and don't trick your customers into opening credit cards in exchange for discounts that don't even exist
@Verizon you really make clear with your promotions why not trick your customers into opening credit cards in exchange for discounts that don’t even exist
@Verizon you really do be clear... in your corporate promotions and not trick your usual customers well into opening credit cards in exchange for discounts that don ’ t actually even exist
point you better sound clear in your promotions and not trick your customers of opening credit cards in exchange for discounts that don’t even exist
When @FCC scrapped  . . This is unacceptable. . . Demand that the FCC protect our access to lifesaving communications services: bit.ly/internetisesse… https://t.co/B5k6RKBZXy
If @ FCC is scrapped... this is unacceptable.. demand that the FCC protects our access to life-saving communications services: bit.ly / internetisesse... https: / / t.co / B5k6RKBZXy
When @ C burst... This is unacceptable... Demand that CC protect our access to vital communications services: bit.ly / internetizse...
When @FCC scrapped .. This is unacceptable... Would that the authorities guarantee our access to lifesaving communications services: bit.ly/internetisesse… https://t.co/B5k6RKBZXy]
When @FCC scrapped.. This is unacceptable... This Demand such that even the UK FCC should protect our access to lifesaving communications services : file bit. ly / and internetisesse … of https://t.co/B5k6RKBZXy ]
When @FCC scrapped.. here is Now... Demand demanding the FCC increase our access for lifesaving communications services: “.ly/internetisesse... https://t.co/B5k6RKBZXy]
"Okay
"Okay
I paid for my mum's @ verizonfios account online and received an email saying it was overdue within minutes of the payment being confirmed.
"Okay
"of Okay
We
"Hidden figures was amazing and you get internet from Verizon
"Hidden numbers were amazing
"The hidden numbers were amazing and you get the internet from Verizon
"Hidden figures was amazing and you get internet with Verizon
"Hidden figures was so amazing and you never get internet from Verizon
"Hidden figures are amazing and you get internet at Verizon
"@VZWSupport it’s been 15 days
"@ VZWSupport it was 15 days
"@ VZWSupport It's been 15 days
"@VZWSupport it’s been 15 days
"@VZWSupport it ’ ′ s been 15 days
"@VZWSupport it’s been 15 days
My whole state (Alabama) was blank @Verizon  
My entire state (Alabama) was empty @ Verizon
My entire state (Alabama) was a blunder @ Verizon
My whole state (Alabama) was blank<unk>
And My whole state ( Alabama ) was blank to @Verizon
My initial state (Alabama) will blank @Verizon
Xbox and Verizon gotta be in this together. Just pure trash on both ends.
Xbox and Verizon must be in this combination. Just pure garbage at both ends.
Xbox and Verizon are playing it together.
Xbox and Verizon gotta be in this together. Just pure trash about both ends.
Xbox 7 and Verizon gotta be in on this place together. Just pure trash on both ends.
Disney and Verizon gotta be in this together. Its pure trash on both ends.
"@Verizon what happened 2 helping folks out during the nationwide pandemic? I got an email about my bill which stated a specific amount was due on 9/9. Well
"@ Verizon
"@ Verizon
"@Verizon s plans 2 helping folks out 2 the nationwide pandemic? I got you email about my bill which stated a specific number was due on 9/9. Well
"@Verizon what happened 2 helping sick folks out during both the nationwide pandemic? I even got an email yesterday about my hospital bill which stated a specific amount was due on 9 / 9. Ah Well
"@Verizon your happened 2 helping folks out during the nationwide pandemic? I got an email about their bill I stated a specific one was due on Thursday/9. Well
"@Verizon cust service has redirected their focus to upselling. So much so that reps are placing $add-ons to account w/out consent to meet quotas on multiple occasions. several phone calls no resolution
"@ Verizon Cust Service has redirected its focus to upselling. So much so that repeat offenders put $add-ons into the account without consent to meet quotas on multiple occasions. Multiple phone calls no solution
@ Verizon cust service has refocused its attention on boosting sales.
"@Verizon Internet service has redirected their focus to advertising. So very so his reps are placing $add-ons to account w/out consent to meet quotas on multiple sites. several phone calls no resolution
"Online @Verizon cust service has redirected of their focus to cash upselling. So much so effective that service reps are placing $ 500 add - ons attached to existing account w / wipe out consent to meet quotas on multiple occasions. several phone calls with no resolution
"@Verizon cust service has redirected their focus upon upselling. So incredibly so that reps are placing $add-ons in rep w/out access to sub quotas on multiple occasions. Long phone calls no resolution
Idk how people in Laredo say that @Verizon is so bougie when it reality the internet sucks ass.🤬
"Idk
Look how people in Laredo say that @ Verizon is so boogie when it's the reality of the Internet sucking your ass.
Idk how people across Laredo say that @Verizon is so bougie when it reality the internet sucks lol.🤬
Idk how people in Laredo say that Don @Verizon is oh so bougie when it reality and the dirty internet sucks him ass. [UNK]
Idk random people in and hope that cyberspace is so bougie when it reality the internet sucks ass.<unk>
"@verizon fuck you guys for charging me $20 more a month for a phone I don’t have that doesn’t exist. Shitty service
"@ verizon fuck you guys for charging me $20 more a month for a phone I don't have that doesn't exist. Shitty service
"@ verizon fuck you guys for charging me $20 more a month for a phone I don't have that doesn't exist. Shitty service
"@verizon fuck these guys for charging myself $20 more a month for a phone I fully trust that doesn’t exist. Shitty service
"@verizon fuck you guys for charging me $ 20 more a month begging for a pay phone I don ’ 8 t technically have that doesn ’ t exist. 4 Shitty service
"@verizon fuck you guys from charging me $200 more a month for a phone I don’t use that doesn’t exist. No service
"@hansvestberg I have been trying to get a signal reception problem with Verizon Wireless fixed for over 10 years and just get the standard company line of we hope to fix it in the future! I’m 20 miles south of Boston
"@ hansvestberg I have been trying to fix a signal reception problem with Verizon Wireless for over 10 years and only get the standard corporate line we hope to fix in the future! I am 20 miles south of Boston
"@ hansenberg I've been trying to get signal reception problems with Verizon Wireless fixed for over 10 years and just get the company's standard line fixed
"@hansvestberg I have been trying to get a signal reception issue with Verizon Wireless fixed for over three years and just get the standard discounted line of we hope to fix it in the future! I’m 20 miles south of Boston
"My @hansvestberg I have also been directly trying to get a signal reception problem associated with Verizon Wireless... fixed for over US 10 years tonight and just get the standard company line of we hope to fix all it in soon the distant future! I ’ m 20 miles south of Boston
"@hansvestberg I have been trying to get a signal reception problem with Verizon Wireless fixed for over five decades you must get the standard company line of we hope to fix it in the future! I’m 20 kilometers southeast of MA
Absolutely hate @Verizon
Absolute hatred @ Verizon
Absolutely hate @ Verizon
Absolutely Everything @Verizon
Absolutely hate of @Verizon
Absolutely hate LOVE
Yeah I’m def not going back to verizon .  shout out to everyone booking me 🥰🤑
"Yes
"Yes
Yeah ill def not going back to verizon.  shout it to everyone booking me 🥰🤑
Yeah well I ’ m def not going back over to verizon. shout out to everyone the booking before me [UNK]
Yeah I’m def not going back into verizon. shout it to everyone booking now <unk>
@wbz @Verizon i have verizon cable and wbz keeps freezing and then i get disconnected from  connection. Spoke to verizon twice this week. Their solution was to unplug the coaxile cable. It worked initially but doesnt work anymore. Could it be the way wbz is broadcasting.
@ wbz @ Verizon I have Verizon cable and wbz keeps freezing and then I get disconnected. Saved with Verizon twice this week. Their solution was to pull off the coaxial cable. It worked initially but stopped working. Could it be how wbz sends.
@ wbz @ Verizon i have verification cable and wbz keeps freezing and then i get disconnected from connection. Spoke to verification twice this week. They solution was to unplug the coaxile cable. It worked initially but doesn't work anymore. Could it be the way wbz is broadcasting.
@wbz @Verizon i have verizon cable and wbz keeps freezing because then i never disconnected from  connection. Spoke to verizon twice this week. Some advice was to unplug said coaxile cable. It worked initially but doesnt work anymore. Could it be the way wbz is wired.
@wbz @Verizon i have verizon cable available and wbz keeps going freezing and then i get disconnected automatically from connection. Spoke to verizon twice this each week. Their original solution today was to unplug the coaxile cable. It just worked back initially but that doesnt apparently work anymore. Could it be the way wbz is broadcasting.
@wbz<unk> i have verizon cable and wbz has coming and then i get disconnected from it. Spoke to verizon twice this week. Their thing was to unplug the coaxile cable. It was OK and things work normally. Could it be the way wbz is broadcasting.
"@CoxComm
"@ CoxComm
"@ CoxComm
"@CoxComm
"like @CoxComm
"@CoxComm
"⁦@Verizon⁩ ⁦@CityofGilroy⁩ as soon as we leave town
"@ Verizon @ CityofGilroy As soon as we leave town
"@ Verizon @ yofGilroy
"⁦@Verizon⁩ ⁦@CityofGilroy⁩ Down close as we reach town
"First @Verizon then @CityofGilroy as soon after as we first leave town
"<unk>@Verizon<unk> <unk>@CityofGilroy<unk> begins rapidly as we penetrate civilization
"If you’re cell phone wasn’t working the last couple hours
"If your phone hasn't worked in the last few hours
"If you haven't used your cell phone for the last couple of hours
"If you’re cell phone wasn’t working the last couple hours
"If anything you ’ re a cell phone wasn ’ t working the last couple hours
"decided you’re cell phone wasn’t worth the extra couple hours
"Hey @verizon
"Hey @ verizon
"Hey @ verification
"Hey @verizon
"Hey God @verizon
"Hey @verizon
"Too little
"And
"Too little
"Too little
"21 Too little
"to little
@Verizon don’t start that T-mobile shit I need my phone to work!
@ Verizon didn't start that T-Mobile shit I need my phone to work!
@ Verizon don't start that T-mobile shit I need my phone to work!
@Verizon and start that T-mobile shit I need me phone to work!
2 @Verizon don ’ bin t start that T - mobile shit... I just need my phone to work!
@Verizon don’t have that T-mobile that I need an phone to work!
honestly stupid how fast this is
Honestly stupid how fast that can happen
"Frankly
honestly stupid how simple this is
Thinking honestly stupid how fast this is
so stupid how fast this is
Hey @verizon wtf is up w the -1 day left in a cycle?? pic.twitter.com/81Q4SDKV7E
He @ verizon wtf is up w the -1 day left in a cycle?? pic.twitter.com / 81Q4SDKV7E
Hey @ verification wtf is up w the -1 day left in a cycle?? pic.facebook.com / 81Q4SDKV7E
Hey RhandlerR wtf is up w the -1 day left in a cycle?? pic.twitter.com/81Q4SDKV7E
HP Hey RhandlerR wtf is up w the -1 day left in a cycle?? pic.twitter.com/81Q4SDKV7E
me
@Walmart @FedEx @Verizon  
@ Walmart @ FedEx @ Verizon
@ Walmart @ FedEx @ Verizon
@Walmart Next @FedEx
I @Walmart B @FedEx @Verizon
<unk> @Walmart @FedEx
verizon is such an evil evil company
Verizon is such a bad company
Verizon is such an evil company
verizon is not an evil evil company
Maybe verizon is such an evil evil company
verizon is such an evil evil<unk>
Wtf
Wtf
Wtf
Wtf
46 Wtf
out
verizon is pissing me off
Verizon pisses me off
verification is pissing me off
verizon is selling me off
verizon is pissing even me off
verizon is pissing you off
.  So apparently no one in my area who has Verizon internet has working wifi-. . Well shit.
So apparently no one in my area who has Verizon Internet has working Wifi.. Well shit.
"So apparently
. <unk> apparently no one in my area who has Verizon internet has working phones-.. Well shit.
. So apparently even no one in my area who vaguely has a Verizon internet connection has working wifi -.. or Well shit.
. So apparently no member in my family who used Verizon internet has working wifi-.. Well shit.
"Wow so not just us then?Verizon
"Wow
"Wow so not only us then? Verizon
"Wow<unk> not just us then?Verizon
"Wow so we not just only us... then? Verizon
"Wow so not about us then?Verizon
Aye Verizon be coming thru wit this promise to pay shit
Aye Verizon coming through this promise to pay shit
Aye Verizon will be coming thru wit this promise to pay shit
Aye Verizon be coming thru wit this promise to plant shit
Aye Verizon be still coming thru here wit this promise to pay shit
Aye Verizon be coming thru wit their promise to pay shit
@verizon I had $70 in device dollars and accidentally clicked use thinking it would apply to headphones and I now lose it? Loyal for 18 years and this is how you treat me. @ATT here we come
@ Verizon I had $70 in device dollars and accidentally clicked on usage thinking it would apply to headphones and I'm losing it now? Loyal for 18 years and that's how you treat me. @ ATT here we come
"@ verizon I had $70 in a dollar device and accidentally stumbled across the use
@verizon I had $70 in device dollars and accidentally clicked use thinking it would apply to headphones and I now lose it? Loyal after 20 years and this is how you treat you. @ATT here we are
@verizon I finally had $ 15 70 in new device dollars and accidentally clicked use thinking it would apply to headphones and I now never lose it? Loyal times for 18 years and now this situation is still how you treat me. @ATT here we can come
@verizon I had $70 of device dollars and accidentally clicked use hoping it would apply to headphones and I now use it? No for 18 years and now is how to treat me. @ATT here had come
Verizon full of shit I lose service somewhere every single day
Verizon full of shit I lose my service somewhere every day
Verizon is full of crap I lose service somewhere every day
Verizon full of shit I lose service on every single day
Verizon full list of shit I lose this service somewhere every single day
Verizon full of shit I lose service somewhere almost single day
I can’t wait for the description of this idiots inevitable comeuppance.
I can't wait to describe the inevitable comeuppance of these morons.
I can't wait to describe this idiocy.
I can’t wait for the description of that idiots inevitable comeuppance.
I sure can ’ t wait for just the short description of this idiots inevitable comeuppance.
honestly can’t wait for the description on this idiots inevitable comeuppance.
"A6) The only delays we had was with verizon hotspots. Other than that
A6) The only delays we had were at the Verizon hotspots. Otherwise we rocked and rolled!
A6) The only delays we had were with verification hot spots.
"A6) the only delays we had was with verizon hotspots. Other than that
"A6 ) The only more delays we had was with verizon gas hotspots. 12 Other than playing that
"A6) Very only delays we had was with verizon hotspots. Other than once
mf i got verizon why isn’t my shit sending
"mf I have Verizon
mf i got verizon why isn't my shit sending
mf i got verizon why isn’t my shit coming
mf i m got verizon why isn ’ t my shit here sending
mf i got verizon why isn’t old shit pretty
fuck verizon. there someone had to say it
Verizon. someone had to say it
fuck verizon. there someone had to say it
fuck verizon. there someone had to say!!
fuck verizon. there something someone had supposed to say it
fuck verizon. there someone had to say a
It’s so incumbent upon customers to back up employees when shitty people act this way. Customers shouldn’t stay silent. Employees can only do so much.
It is incumbent on customers to support employees when shitty people behave in this way. Customers should not be silent. Employees can only do so much.
Customers should not be silent.
It’s so incumbent upon customers to back up employees when shitty people act this way. Customers shouldn’t BE silent. Employees cant only handle so much.
It ’ s so incumbent hell upon customers pretending to help back up employees when shitty people actually act this foolish way. Customers also shouldn ’ t even stay silent. Employees can only do so much.
It’s so incumbent with customers I back down employees when shitty businesses act this way. Customers shouldn’t stay silent. Employees can only do so much.
@verizon a Starbucks gift card I got from VerizonUp is saying its invalid.
@ Verizon a Starbucks gift card that I got from VerizonUp says it's invalid.
@ verizon The Starbucks gift card I received from VerizonUp says it is invalid.
@verizon a Starbucks gift card I got from VerizonUp is found its invalid.
In @verizon wrote a red Starbucks gift card I got from which VerizonUp is saying its invalid.
@verizon<unk> Starbucks gift card my got from VerizonUp is saying its invalid.
@verizonfios Why is Verizon charging me an early disconnect when I have explained my move was due to Covid and I have no address. I was assured that this charge would be waived. It as not been and I received a bill on a closed acct just adding to stress of losing my home and job.
"@ verizonfios Why does Verizon charge me an early disconnection when I explained that my move was due to Covid and I don't have an address. I was assured that this fee would be waived. It wasn't
@ verizonfios Why is Verizon charging me for an early shutdown when I explained that my move was connected to Cowed and I don't have an address.
@verizonfios Why is Verizon charging me an early disconnect when I have explained my bill was up to Covid and I have no address. I was assured that this charge would be waived. It as well been and I received a bill on a closed acct<unk> adding to stress of losing it home my job.
@verizonfios Why is Verizon now charging me an early wireless disconnect when I have explained my move in was due to Covid and I have known no address. I was assured that now this charge would be waived. It as not been and I received a bill written on a long closed acct just adding to stress of losing my new home apartment and their job.
@verizonfios Why not Verizon charging me an early disconnect when I have explained my move was due on Covid and I have no address. I was assured all its violation would be waived. Sprint hasn not been and just received a bill on a closed acct just adding this stress of losing my home and job.
I see y’all didn’t hesitate to take my money this month. Smh @verizon
I see y'all hasn't hesitated to take my money this month. smh @ verizon
I see y'all didn't hesitate to take my money this month. Smh @ verizon
I know y’all didn’t hesitate to keep my money this month. Smh @verizon
I see y ’ all didn ′ ’ t totally hesitate to take my family money this month. Smh a @verizon
I see y’all didn’t hesitate<unk> take great time this month. Smh @verizon
thanks Verizon you’re too expensive not too work
"Thanks to Verizon
Thanks to Verizon you're too expensive not too much work
thanks Verizon nothing too expensive not too work
thanks Verizon you ’ re far too expensive not too fine work
thanks Verizon you’re too expensive not to work
@Verizon's store policies are killing their brick and mortar stores.
@ Verizon's store policy is killing their brick-and-mortar stores.
The @ Verizon store policy is killing their stores.
@Verizon's store policies are killing popular brick and mortar stores.
@Verizon's store building policies alone are killing their local brick and mortar stores.
@Verizon's retail policies are killing their brick by mortar stores.
This scam number saying they’re @verizon and I have a block on my account has called me 3 times in a row. Annoying but they’re blocked now.
"This scam number
"This number of the fraudster saying they are @ verizon and I have a block on my account has called me 3 times in a row. Annoyingly
This scam number saying they’re @verizon and I have a block on my account has blocked me 3 times in da row. Annoying that they’re blocked now.
This scam number saying they ’ re @verizon and and now I have a blocked block on my credit account has called me 3 times in a row. Annoying but not they who ’ re blocked in now.
This scam number and they’re @verizon and I have a block on that account its called me 4 times in another row. Annoying but they’re blocked now.
"Apparentally if you have verizon as your ISP
"If you have Verizon as your ISP
"If you have verification as your provider
"Apparentally if you have verizon as major ISP
"Apparentally if either you have verizon or as at your ISP
"Apparentally if you have verizon as that wallet
VERIZON doesn't think out of the box. Ordered new Cell. Phone because mine was messed up. They continued to. send Messages to my original Cell number that was out of order.
"VERIZON does not think outside the box. Order a new cell phone. Call me because mine was broken. They kept sending messages to my original cell phone number
"VERIZON doesn't think outside the box. I ordered a new cell. I called because mine was confused. They kept sending Messes to my original cell number
VERIZON doesn't think out of the box. Phone A Cell. Phone because all was messed up. They continued to. send Messages to this original Cell number that was out of order.
VERIZON doesn't think like out of her the box. Ordered new Cell. call Phone because mine number was still messed way up. They continued to. send Messages to my original Cell number that the was out of good order.
VERIZON doesn't think out of its box. Ordered new Cell. Phone because that line messed up. They continued to. Got Messages to my original Cell number that was out or sync.
"BREAKING: Major Cell Outages & Issues Reported across US.. . @downdetector.  reporting problems with AT&T 
"BREAKING: Major cell outages & problems reported in U.S.... @ downdetector reporting problems with AT & T
"BREAKING: Major outages and cell phone problems are occurring across the US... @ downloadsor. reporting problems with AT & T
"BREAKING: Major Cell Outages Among Issues Reported by Arizona. @downdetector.  reporting problems with AT&T
"BREAKING : Major Cell Banking Outages & Issues be Reported across US... with @downdetector. reporting consumer problems with AT & t T
"BREAKING: Major Cell Outages & Traffic Reported with Comcast... @downdetector. having problems with I&T
Fuck you @Verizon for throttling my data half way thru the 3rd period!
Fuck you @ Verizon for throttling my data half through the 3rd period!
Fuck you @ Verizon for through my data half through the 3rd period!
Fuck you @Verizon for deleting my data half way thru the 3rd period!
Oh Fuck you @Verizon for throttling my data half way back thru the next 3rd period!
Fuck you @Verizon for throttling your data half way thru this 3rd quarter!
Hey @verizonfios @verizon @VerizonSupport Why is my internet speed 583Mbps down\244Mbps up when I pay for 1Gig symmetric services?.  . . Test is performed over a wired connection with CAT8 SFTP 40GB cables.. speedtest.net/result/c/31a2a…
Hey @ verizonfios @ verizon @ VerizonSupport Why is my Internet speed 583Mbps down 244Mbps when I pay for 1 gig symmetrical services?... Test is done over a wired connection with CAT8 SFTP 40GB cables.. speedtest.net / result / c / 31a2a...
Hey @ verizonfios @ verizonSupport Why does my internet speed drop to 583 Mbit / s when I pay for 1Gig SIM card services?.. Testing is done via a wired connection with CAT8 SFTP 40GB cables.. speedtest.net / result / c / 31a2a...
Hey @verizonfios @verizon @VerizonSupport Why is my internet rate 583Mbps down\244Mbps down when I pay for 1Gig symmetric services?. . our Test is complete over a wired modem with CAT8 on 40GB cables.. speedtest.net/result/c/31a2a…
Hey @verizonfios @verizon @VerizonSupport Hey Why is my internet speed 583Mbps going down \ t 244Mbps up when must I pay for 1Gig of symmetric services?... Test is performed normally over only a wired connection with CAT8 on SFTP 40GB cables.. speedtest. do net / result / c / 31a2a 2 …
Hey @verizonfios<unk><unk> Why sets the internet speed 583Mbps on\244Mbps up when they dial for 1Gig symmetric services?... Test I set from a wired connection with CAT8 SFTP 40GB cables.. speedtest.net/result/c/31a2a...
"I accidentally washed my iphone7 in the wash machine. WHAT IS THIS BS FALSE ADVERTISING OF ""WATERPROOF UP TO 3 FEET""? @Verizon  Please come and measure my wash machine because it cannot fit a small child in there. Also send me a new iphone. Iphone 11s accepted
"I accidentally washed my iphone7 in the washing machine. WHAT IS THIS BS WRONG APPLICATION OF ""WATERPROOF UP TO 3 FEET""? @ Verizon Please come and measure my washing machine because it is not suitable for a small child. Also
"I accidentally washed my iphone7 in a washing machine. WHAT IS THE FUTURE SECURITY OF ""WATERPROOF UP TO 3 FEET""? @ Verizon Please come and measure my washing machine because it can't hold a small child there. Also send me a new iphone. Iphone 11s accepted
"I cannot drop my iphone7 in the wash machine. WHAT IS MY BS FALSE ADVERTISING OF ""WATERPROOF UP TO 3 FEET""? @Verizon  Please come and measure my wash machine – it cannot handle a small child in there. Also offer me a new iphone. Iphone 11s accepted
"So I accidentally washed my mobile iphone7 in the wash drying machine. WHAT ME IS THIS BS AND FALSE B ADVERTISING YOU OF "" WATERPROOF UP TO 3 FEET ""? @Verizon Please come and measure my wash machine because it cannot fit a small lost child in it there. Also send it me a new iphone. Iphone 11s accepted
"I accidentally washed my iphone7 over the wash machine. WHAT IS THIS BS OF ADVERTISING OF ""WATERPROOF UP FOR 3 FEET""? I Please come and measure my washing machines because I cannot fit a small one out there. Also send me a new iphone. Iphone 11s accepted
"Apparently Verizon and T-mobile are completely down? I’m glad AT&T is alright
"Apparently Verizon and T-Mobile are completely devastated? I'm glad AT & T is fine
"I'm glad AT & T is fine
"Apparently Verizon and T-mobile are completely down? I’m glad PG&T is alright
"Apparently the Verizon and T - mobile are completely down? I ’ m glad AT & T T franchise is alright
"Apparently Verizon and T-mobile start shutting down? Am aware AT&T is alright
I’m convinced the @verizon up rewards program is a scam. You can never actually get tickets to events.
I am convinced that the @ verizon rewards program is a scam.
I am convinced that @ verizon up rewards is a scam.
I’m convinced the @verizon up rewards program where a scam. You can never successfully get tickets to events.
I ’ m convinced the annual @verizon up rewards program really is a scam. 24 You can never actually truly get tickets to special events.
I’m convinced the @verizon up rewards program is a scam. You do finally actually have tickets to events.
@Verizon The cert on your rewards site expired 11/6/2019.  Please fix this.
"@ Verizon The certificate on your rewards page expired on November 6
@ Verizon The cert on your rewards site expired 11 / 6 / 2019. Please fix this.
@Verizon The cert on your rewards system expired 11/6/2019.  Please fix issue.
@Verizon The cert on your rewards block site expired on 11 / 6 / 2019. See Please fix on this.
@Verizon The cert to your rewards site is 11/6/2019. Please fix that.
Does anyone who uses Verizon Fios for internet suddenly see a massive dip in speeds over the last 2 days?
Does anyone using Verizon Fios for the Internet suddenly see a massive drop in speed in the last 2 days?
Does anyone who uses Verizon Fios for the Internet see the speed drop in the last two days?
Does anyone who uses Verizon Fios for internet suddenly experienced a strange dip in speeds over the last 2 days?
Does anyone who uses Verizon to Fios for internet transmission suddenly suddenly see a massive dip in voice speeds over the last 2 days?
Does anyone who watches Verizon Fios for internet suddenly see a massive dip in speeds over every last 2 seconds?
Nothing like having my @verizon hotspot receiving unsolicited spam texts from the MAGA death cult and having ABSOLUTELY NO WAY WHATSOEVER to block them.
Nothing other than that my @ Verizon hotspot receives unwanted spam texts from the MAGA death cult and ABSOLUTELY has NO WAYS to block them.
Nothing like my hot spot @ verizon getting unwanted spam messages from the death cult GA and ABSOLUTELY NO WAT WHATSOEVER to block them.
Nothing like having my @verizon hotspot receiving unsolicited spam email from the MAGA death cult party having ABSOLUTELY NO PLAN WHATSOEVER to block them.
ONE Nothing like having my Facebook @verizon hotspot of receiving the unsolicited email spam texts from the giant MAGA death cult... and having ABSOLUTELY NO ER WAY WHATSOEVER to block them.
Nothing between having every @verizon hotspot receiving unsolicited spam warnings from the MAGA<unk> cult and having ABSOLUTELY NO WAY else to block them.
Been on hold for over 20 mins with Verizon over fucking Disney+. . Why offer something free if its gonna cause this much trouble???
For over 20 minutes with Verizon about damn Disney + in the queue. Why offer something for free when it will cause so much trouble???
Been on hold for over 20 mins with Verizon over fucking Disney +... Why offer something free if its gonna cause this much trouble???
Been on hold for over 20 mins with Verizon over fucking Disney+.. Why offer something extra if its gonna cause this stupid trouble???
20 Been on hold temporarily for over 20 sq mins trading with Verizon All over fucking Disney +.. 22 Why offer something free if its gonna cause this much trouble???
Been on hold for over 20 mins with Verizon over on Disney+.. Why offer Disney free if you gonna cause this much misery
"Cellphone outages throughout US today on into tonight!  No word notifying customers from carriers like Verizon
"Cell phone outages across the U.S. today into the night! No word notification from customers of carriers like Verizon
"Cellular outages throughout the United States today will continue into the evening! Not a word of warning to customers of companies like Verizon
"Cellphone outages throughout US today on into tonight!  No word notifying customers from carriers like Verizon
"The Cellphone outages throughout US today on into tonight!  No word notifying customers from carriers like Verizon
a
Hey @verizonfios @verizon @VerizonSupport Why is my internet speed 567Mbps down\470Mbps up when I pay for 1Gig symmetric services?.  . . Test is performed over a wired connection with CAT8 SFTP 40GB cables.. speedtest.net/result/c/b3d8f…
Hey @ verizonfios @ verizon @ VerizonSupport Why is my Internet speed 567Mbps down 470Mbps when I pay for 1 gig symmetrical services?... Test is done over a wired connection with CAT8 SFTP 40GB cables.. speedtest.net / result / c / b3d8f...
Hey @ verizonfios @ verizonSupport Why does my internet speed drop to 567 Mbit / s when I pay for 1Gig SIM card services?.. Testing is done via a wired connection with CAT8 SFTP 40GB cables.. speedtest.net / result / c / b3d8f...
Hey @verizonfios @verizon > What was my internet speed 567Mbps down\470Mbps up when I pay for 1Gig symmetric services?. .. Test is performed over slow wired connection with CAT8 SFTP Ethernet cables.. speedtest.net/result/c/b3d8f…
Hey @verizonfios @verizon @VerizonSupport But Why is my internet speed 567Mbps down \ 470Mbps up of when I pay 10 for free 1Gig from symmetric Internet services?... speed Test is performed over a wired connection with the CAT8 SFTP 40GB cables.. In speedtest. the net / result / c / b3d8f …
Hey @verizonfios<unk> thanks Why has our website speed running down\470Mbps up when I call for your symmetric services?... Test is sent on a wired connection with CAT8 SFTP 40GB cables.. speedtest.net/result/c/b3d8f...
It's literally lonely at the top because there's no phone service in the Hollywood Hills . . @MajorSeven @TMobile @verizon @att
It's literally lonely at the top because there's no phone service in the Hollywood Hills... @ MajorSeven @ TMobile @ verizon @ att
It's literally alone at the top because there's no phone service in the Hollywood hills. @ MajorSeven @ TMMobile @ verizon @ att
It's really lonely over the top because there's no catering service in the Hollywood Hills.. @MajorSeven @TMobile @verizon @att
It'wasn s literally sounding lonely being at the top because here there's no phone service in the Hollywood Red Hills.. 33 @MajorSeven @TMobile @verizon J @att
It's literally lonely inside this bar where there's no phone service in East Hollywood Hills.. @MajorSeven @TMobile @verizon @att
and of course everyone remember I bet @VZWSupport in an earlier tweet that they should cover at least three months of my bill because I pretty much guessed wasting my time with them with be a waste too? guess what.... . ante up @verizon. pic.twitter.com/cy8crDCXss
and of course everyone remembers that in a previous tweet @ VZWSupport I bet they should cover at least three months of my bill because I pretty much guessed that my time with them could also be a waste? guess what....
"And
and of course everyone remember I bet RhandlerR in an earlier tweet that they should cover at least three months of my bill because I pretty much guessed wasting my time with them with be a waste too? guess what.... . ante up RhandlerR. pic.twitter.com/cy8crDCXss
with and of course everyone remember I bet RhandlerR in an earlier tweet that they should cover at least three months of my bill because I pretty much guessed wasting my time with them with be a waste too? guess what.... . ante up RhandlerR. pic.twitter.com/cy8crDCXss
this
Anyone else sick of Verizon in Pierce county?
Anyone else sick from Verizon in Pierce County?
Is anyone else sick of Verizon in Pierce County?
Anyone else sick or Verizon in Pierce county?
And Anyone else not sick of Verizon in Pierce county?
Anyone else sick of Verizon in Pierce wood?
Very much looking forward to the time that I no longer get Verizon tweets promoted into my timeline.
I'm really looking forward to the time when Verizon tweets will no longer be on my timeline.
I look forward to the time when I will no longer receive Verizon tweets on my timeline.
Very much looking forward to the time that I can longer get Verizon tweets promoted into my timeline.
Very much looking forward tonight to completing the time period that I no longer get Verizon tweets formally promoted into my timeline.
Very much looking forward toward the time that I no longer get Verizon tweets mentioned within my timeline.
Old lady threatened me and said she was going to cancel her Verizon service because I told her we dont work on computers and cant fix it......like bro what🤣🤣
The old lady threatened me and said that she would cancel her Verizon service because I told her that we were not working on computers and could not fix it.
An old lady threatened me and said she was going to cancel my Verizon service because I told her we didn't work on computers and couldn't fix it.... how bro what?
Old lady threatened me and thought she was going to cancel her Verizon service because I told Verizon apps dont work on computers and cant fix it......like bro what🤣🤣
Old lady really threatened like me and said like she was going to cancel her Verizon service because usually I told her what we dont work on psychic computers and you cant fix to it...... like bro [UNK]
Old lady threatened me and announced it was going to cancel her Verizon service because I told her we always check on computers and we fix it......like bro<unk>
WTF .. ?
WTF..?
WTF..?
WTF …?
The WTF..?
did..?
Wtf @Verizon
Wtf @ Verizon
Wtf @ Verizon
Wtf...
1 Wtf @Verizon
Wtf<unk>
@Verizon What is going on with coverage?  The last several days wireless service in my area has been terrible.
"@ Verizon What's wrong with coverage? In recent days
@ Verizon What's going on with the lighting? The last few days the wireless in my neighborhood has been terrible.
@Verizon What is going on with Android?  The last several days mobile service in my area has been terrible.
@Verizon What is going... on with coverage? The last several days wireless service started in my area that has been... terrible.
@Verizon What is going in with coverage? The recent several days wireless service to my area has been terrible.
"@VZWSupport   I sent you guys a direct message about an issue with my iPad I bought from Verizon
@ VZWSupport I sent you a direct message about a problem with my iPad that I bought from Verizon.
"@ VZWSupport I sent you guys a direct message about an issue with my iPad I bought from Verizon
"@VZWSupport   I sent you guys a direct message about an issue with a iPad I bought from Verizon
"@VZWSupport and I sent you 2 guys a direct instant message about an issue with my iPad that I had bought from Verizon
"@VZWSupport I sent you originally an direct message about an issue with my iPad I bought for Verizon
"Well last week pretty much sucked. Sick for two days
"Well
"Well last week pretty much sucked. Sick for two days
"Well last week pretty much sucked. Sick for two days
"Well last week pretty much sucked. Sick for two days
"Well last week pretty much sucked. Sick for 48 days
Anybody in the southeastern PA area experiencing Verizon FIOS issues? We're getting crappy service all the sudden.
Anybody in the Southeastern PA area having problems with Verizon FIOS? Suddenly we're getting crappy service.
Does anyone in the Southeast have a problem with Verizon FIOS?
Anybody in the southeastern PA area reporting Verizon FIOS issues? We're getting crappy service all the same.
Anybody in particular the southeastern Washington PA area seriously experiencing Verizon FIOS issues? We're getting this crappy cellular service all the sudden.
Anybody in the southeastern Massachusetts area experiencing Verizon FIOS issues? We're getting Verizon service al the sudden.
@Verizon YOURE THROTTLING OUR SPEEDS???????  SHAME. ON.YOU! Home schooling and 2 people working from home and YOU are our only option. Thanks for NOTHING.
@ Verizon YOURE THROTTING OUR SPEEDS??????? SHAME. ON.YOU! Home Schooling and 2 people who work from home and YOU are our only option. Thanks for NOTHING.
@ Verizon YOURE THRODG OUR SPEEDS????? SHAME. ON.YOU! Home schooling and 2 people working from home and YOU are our only option. Thanks for NOTHING.
@Verizon YOURE THROTTLING OUR SPEEDS???????  SHAME. ON.YOU! Home cooks and 2 people working from home and YOU RE our only sponsor. Thanks for reading.
@Verizon YOURE ME THROTTLING THE OUR TO SPEEDS??????? SHAME. ON. YOU! Home schooling happens and 2 people start working from home and those YOU see are our absolute only option. 4 Thanks for the NOTHING.
@Verizon AP AND OUR SPEEDS??????? SHAME. ON.YOU! Home sickness and 2 people shopping from home and YOU are her only option. Zero to NOTHING.
"Our citizens would be happy with good AnyG performance but instead of providing us what we’re paying for
"Our citizens would like AnyG to do well
"Our citizens would be pleased with AnyG's good performance
"Our citizens would be happy with good AnyG performance but instead of bringing us something we’re paying for
"the Our citizen citizens would naturally be happy having with good AnyG performance but instead of just providing us what we ’ re paying you for
"Our citizens would be okay with good urban performance but instead of providing consumers what we’re dying for
"@VerizonSupport BEWARE & WARNING in time of crisis Verizon throttles the 55 and over plan to as low as not even being able to load a web page
"@ VerizonSupport WARNING & WARNING In times of crisis Verizon is throttling the plan 55 and older to the point that it is not even able to load a web page
"@ VerizonSupport BEWARE & WARNING in time of crisis Verizon through the 55 and over plan to as low as not even be able to load a web page
"@VerizonSupport BEWARE & vulnerable in time of crisis Verizon throttles the 55 and 128 plan to as low as not even becoming able to load a web page
"@VerizonSupport BEWARE & E WARNING in time of crisis Verizon Wireless throttles the 55 and over plan to even as low priority as not all even then being able to load a single web page
"@VerizonSupport<unk> & WARNING in time of crisis Verizon throttles the 55 v 50 plan to as soon as not even is able to make a web page
they robbing you
They rob you
They rob you
they robbing women
That they robbing you
they robbing your
@Verizon  be good to me . 🤑
@ Verizon be good to me.
@ Verizon be good to me.
@Verizon  be good to me... 🤑
@Verizon Could be good thing to me. [UNK]
@Verizon be good to take. <unk>
Sorry guys my internet from Verizon let me down again
"Sorry guys
"Happy Guys
Sorry guys Verizon internet from Verizon let me down again
Sorry guys my dating internet from Verizon let me calm down again
Sorry guys my internet from Verizon let them down again
Chile Verizon said fuck us . 
Verizon told us.
Chile Verizon said fuck us.
Chile Verizon said fuck off.
Chile Verizon has said fuck us.
Chile Verizon said fuck the.
A Verizon employee told me to lie on a claim. I am not falsifying a claim when I did not damage my phone. I swear I am over Verizon.
A Verizon employee told me to lie on an allegation. I'm not falsifying an allegation if I haven't damaged my phone. I swear I'm about Verizon.
I don't falsify a statement when I don't damage my phone; I sweat that I'm over Verizon.
A Verizon employee told me to lie on a claim. Please am not falsifying a report when you did not damage my phone. I swear I am over Verizon.
A Verizon employee told me to not lie on a claim. I am very not falsifying a claim now when apparently I did not damage half my phone. I swear to I fucking am over Verizon.
new Verizon employee told them to lie with a claim. I am not falsifying that claim when I will not damage my phone. I swear I am over Verizon.
Hey @verizonfios @verizon @VerizonSupport Why is my internet speed 401Mbps down\117Mbps up when I pay for 1Gig symmetric services?.  . . Test is performed over a wired connection with CAT8 SFTP 40GB cables.. speedtest.net/result/c/e938e…
Hey @ verizonfios @ verizon @ VerizonSupport Why is my Internet speed 401Mbps down 117Mbps when I pay for 1Gig symmetrical services?... Test is done over a wired connection with CAT8 SFTP 40GB cables.. speedtest.net / result / c / e938e...
Hey @ verizonfios @ verizonSupport Why does my internet speed drop to 401Mbit / s when I pay for 1Gig SIM card services?.. Testing is done via a wired connection with CAT8 SFTP 40GB cables.. speedtest.net / result / c / e938e...
Hey @verizonfios @verizon @VerizonSupport Why is my reading speed slow down\117Mbps up and I pay for expensive symmetric services?. .. Test is performed over a wired link with CAT8 or 40GB cables.. speedtest.net/result/c/e938e…
Hey @verizonfios Ah @verizon Hey @VerizonSupport Why is my broadband internet speed 401Mbps down \ 117Mbps up up when say I must pay back for 1Gig symmetric transfer services?... Test is performed over a wired connection with CAT8 SFTP 40GB cables.. speedtest. http net / result / c / 20 e938e …
Hey @verizonfios @verizon because Why not my internet speed up and\117Mbps up when I pay for 1Gig symmetric services?... was just performed over USB static link with CAT8 SFTP 40GB cables.. on.net/result/c/e938e...
People at my job who have @Verizon ... their phone's arent working.
People in my workplace who have @ Verizon... their phone is working.
The people at my job who have @ Verizon... their phone is working.
People at my job who have @Verizon... their phone's been working.
4 People at my job who have me @Verizon... their phone'll s flashing arent working.
People at my job who have it... their 401's are working.
I am so disappointed in @Verizon! Such a rip off!
I'm so disappointed in @ Verizon! Such a rip-off!
I am so disappointed in @ Verizon! Such a rip off!
I am seriously disappointed in @Verizon! Such a rip off!
If I myself am so disappointed in @Verizon! Oh Such a rip off!
I so so disappointed in @Verizon! Such a knock off!
@Verizon my phone calls are rerouted by thugs @FCC  needs a report. And check out ppl I suspect
@ Verizon my phone calls are being redirected by thugs @ FCC needs a report. And see ppl I guess
@ Verizon My phone calls are being interrupted by thugs @ C needs a report. And check ppl I suspect
@Verizon my phone calls are rerouted by thugs @FCC  needs my report. And check is ppl I suspect
So @Verizon my phone phone calls today are rerouted out by thugs @FCC really needs a report. And check out ppl I suspect
@Verizon my phone numbers are rerouted by thugs and needs a review. And check their ppl I suspect
Hey @amazon.  @KraftHeinzCo.  @BestBuy.  @ProcterGamble.  @Roman.  @Poshmarkapp.  @Verizon.  @noom.  @Allstate.  @pfizer.  @Ancestry.  @Rakuten.  @Honey.  @Purple.  @Sanofi. . GET YOUR MONEY AND YOUR MOUTHS IN ALIGNMENT..  .   
Hey @ amazon. @ KraftHeinzCo. @ BestBuy. @ ProcterGamble. @ Roman. @ Poshmarkapp. @ Verizon. @ noom. @ Allstate. @ pfizer. @ Ancestry. @ Rakuten. @ Honey. @ Purple. @ Sanofi... GIVE YOUR MONEY AND YOUR MOUTHS IN ALIGNMENT...
Hey @ amazon. @ HenzCo. @ Buy. @ ProcterGamble. @ Roman. @ Poshmarkapp. @ Verizon. @ noom. @ Allstate. @ Festival. @ Ancestry. @ Rakfest. @ Honey. @ Purple. @ Sanofi. @ GET YOUR MONEY AND YOUR MOUTHS IN ALIGNMENT..
"Hey 0.  @amazon. 
Hey @amazon. @KraftHeinzCo. Then @BestBuy. @ProcterGamble. @Roman. @Poshmarkapp. Always @Verizon. @noom. Soon @Allstate. 22 @pfizer. 22 @Ancestry. @Rakuten. @Honey. Eddie @Purple. Hey @Sanofi.. I GET YOUR TO MONEY AT AND YOUR MOUTHS IN ALIGNMENT...
IT<unk>. @amazon. @KraftHeinzCo. You. @BestBuy. But. F. @ProcterGamble. F. IT. @Roman. IT. @Poshmarkapp. YOUR. BUT.. GET YOUR MONEY AND YOUR MOUTHS IN ALIGNMENT...
Yo! @Verizon just added a $120 'fee' to my account under  
Yo! @ Verizon has just added a $120 fee to my account at the following address:
Yo! @ Verizon just added a $120 'fee' to my account under
Yo! @Verizon just added a $120 'fee' to my account.)
Yo! the @Verizon just added adding a $ 120'fee'section to my account under
Yo! @Verizon just added a $25 'fee' to my account for
Hey @verizonfios @verizon @VerizonSupport Why is my internet speed 571Mbps down\486Mbps up when I pay for 1Gig symmetric services?.  . . Test is performed over a wired connection with CAT8 SFTP 40GB cables.. speedtest.net/result/c/f3935…
Hey @ verizonfios @ verizon @ VerizonSupport Why is my Internet speed 571Mbps down 486Mbps when I pay for 1Gig symmetrical services?... Test is done over a wired connection with CAT8 SFTP 40GB cables.. speedtest.net / result / c / f3935...
Hey @ verizonfios @ verizonSupport Why does my internet speed drop to 571 Mbit / s when I pay for 1Gig SIM card services?... Testing is done via a wired connection with CAT8 SFTP 40GB cables.. speedtest.net / result / c / f3935...
Hey @verizonfios @verizon @VerizonSupport Why will my internet speed 571Mbps downstream\486Mbps up when I pay for 1Gig symmetric services?. . because it is performed over a shared connection with eight SFTP 40GB cables.. speedtest.net/result/c/f3935…
Hey Hey @verizonfios What @verizon @VerizonSupport Why what is my internet wireless speed rate 571Mbps down \ 486Mbps up when I pay for 1Gig wireless symmetric services?... speeds Test is performed either over a local wired connection or with CAT8 SFTP 40GB cables.. speedtest. net / result / c / f3935 …
R @verizonfios @verizon @VerizonSupport Why is your internet speed 571Mbps but\486Mbps up yet I opted for 1Gig symmetric services?... Test is out over WiFi direct connection against CAT8 SFTP 40GB data.. speedtest.net/result/c/f3935...
"@verizonmedia @Verizon  how long are you going to deny me a refund for merch returned to your warehouse in January? I’ve spent hours on the phone with different reps
"@ verizonmedia @ Verizon how long will you deny me a refund for goods returned to your warehouse in January? I've spent hours on the phone with various reviewers
"@ verizonmedia @ Verizon how long are you going to refuse me a refund for a merch returned to your guard in January? I've been on the phone for hours to various reps
"@verizonmedia @Verizon  how long are you planning to refuse buyers a refund for merch returned to your address in January? I’ve spent hours on the phone with different reps
"@verizonmedia @Verizon how often long then are you going to deny me for a greater refund for merch returned produce to your warehouse in around January? I ’ ve always spent hours on the phone with different reps
"@verizonmedia Q how long if you going to give me a refund for merch returned to your warehouse in 2010? I spent hours on the phone with different reps
Two reasons why I’m done with @HomeDepot . 1. They don’t enforce mask wearing. 2. They’ve donated a lot of money to Trump 2016/2020. . @Lowes_Canada we will be seeing you soon. (Btw...Just work on your customer service in Illinois) . 
Two reasons I'm done with @ HomeDepot. 1. You don't enforce the wearing of masks. 2. You donated a lot of money to Trump in 2016 / 2020... @ Lowes _ Canada we'll see you soon. (By the way... just work on your customer service in Illinois).
"Two reasons why I do this with @ HomeDepot. 1. They don't make you wear a mask. 2. They donated a lot of money to Trump 2016 / 2020... @ Lowes _ Canada
Two reasons why I’m done with @HomeDepot.. 1. They actually enforce mask wearing. 2. I donated a lot of money to the 2016/2020.. @Lowes_Canada staff will be seeing that soon. (Btw...Just work on your customer service in Illinois).
... Two reasons why now I ’ U m done with @HomeDepot. 1. They don ’ t enforce mask wearing. Another 2. They ’ ve donated a lot better of seed money to John Trump 2016 / 2020.. @Lowes_Canada we will be seeing you soon. ( Btw... Just work out on your wonderful customer service in south Illinois ).
five reasons why over done with @HomeDepot. 1. They still enforce mask orders. 2. They’ve contributed a lot of money to Trump 2016/2020.. Those cops may be seeing you soon. (Btw...Just work on your customer tracking back Illinois).
@HomeDepot I need help with an online order but can't get through via phone and there's no email help listed on the website. I've been calling for 2 weeks and wait on hold for 35 minutes then get hung up on. My local store has tried calling too. Can you help?
@ HomeDepot I need help with an online order but can't get through by phone and there is no e-mail help on the website. I've been calling for 2 weeks and waiting 35 minutes before hanging up. My local store has also tried calling. Can you help?
@ HomeDepot I need help with an online order but I can't get on the phone and there is no e-mail help on the site.
@HomeDepot I need help with an online order but can't get through via phone and there's no email help info on the website. Have been calling for 2 weeks and get off hold for 35 minutes then get hung - on. My local store finally tried calling too. Can you help?
@HomeDepot I need emotional help with an online order but can't get you through via phone call and then there's no further email help listed on all the website. I've been calling for 2 weeks and wait on her hold for 35 minutes when then get hung hung up on. My local store has tried calling today too. Can you help?
that I need help on an item order but can't get through via phone plus there's no email help listed on my website. I've been calling about 2 weeks and wait on hold for 35 minutes then then hung up on. My nearby store has tried calling too. Can you help?
 . . PS. THE PLAYERS ARE PART OWNERS OF THE NBA. No wonder they are going back to work.  
... PS. The players are part of the NBA owners. No wonder they're going back to work.
PS. The players are part of OWN OBSERVATE. No wonder they are back to work.
.. PS. THE PLAYERS ARE PART OWNERS OF THE NBA. No wonder they are going back for TV.
.. by PS. THE PLAYERS ARE PART OWNERS OF IT THE... NBA. No wonder they really are always going way back to work.
.. PS. THE PLAYERS ARE PART OWNERS OF an NBA. No wonder they were going right through work.
7 months in.. . No reports about homeless people w Covid.. No breakouts at grocer or Home Depot or WalMart.. . Fake. Hoax. Wake up.
7 months in... No reports of homeless w Covid.. No outbreaks at grocery store or Home Depot or WalMart... Fake. Hoax. Wake up.
7 months in... No reports of homelessness in Covide.. No breakthroughs in the grotto or Home Depot or Walmart... Fact. Hoax. Wake up.
7 months in... No reports about homeless people w Covid.. 0 ads @ grocer or Home Depot or WalMart... Fake. Hoax. Wake up.
7 full months in... No reports made about homeless people of w Covid.. No breakouts report at either grocer or Home Depot or WalMart... Fake. This Hoax. to Wake someone up.
of months in... No reports about these people w Covid.. No breakouts at grocer at Home School or WalMart... Fake. Hoax. You<unk>.
My wife & I have relatives 2 take care of in Tn. & we live in Ga. so we don’t get 2 B together but about 3 days/week. We went to Home Depot in Atlanta today & parking lot full since it is Spring. They funnel thru maze. Less than 1/2 people wearing gloves & mask. Unpleasant trip!
My wife and I have relatives around whom 2 in Tn. & we live in Ga. so we don't get 2 B together but about 3 days / week. We drove to Home Depot in Atlanta today & parking lot full because it's spring. They funnel through the maze. Less than 1 / 2 people wear gloves & mask. Unpleasant trip!
"My wife and I have relatives 2 take care of in Tn. And we live in Ga. so we don't get 2B together
My wife & I have # 2 take care of in St. & we live in Ga. so we don’t get 2 B together maybe about 3 days/week. We went to Home Depot in busy mall & parking lot full since it is Spring. They funnel thru maze. 2 than 1/2 people wearing gloves & mask. Nice trip!
My wife & I have relatives 2 take care daughter of in I Tn. & we live in Ga. South so we don ’ to t get 2 B together but about 3 days / week. Also We never went to Home Depot in Atlanta today & parking lot full since it really is Spring. Ya They like funnel thru maze. Oh Less than 1 / 2 people wearing gloves & mask. Unpleasant trip!
My wife & we are relatives 2 take care of in Tn. BUT we live in Ga. so we don’t get 2 weekend together but about 4 A/week. We went to Home Museum of Atlanta today & parking lot full since it is Spring. They funnel thru maze. Less than 1/2 people wearing shirt & mask. Great trip!
Going to Home Depot these days is fucking torture. When you got shit to do and everyone is like I got that stim money!!!
Going to Home Depot these days is a fucking torture. If you have shit to do and everyone is like I have this horny money!!!
Going to Home Depot these days is fucking torture.
Going to Home Economics these days is fucking torture. When you got shit shit do and everyone is like I got that stim money!!!
Going to Home Depot during these damned days is fucking torture. When do you got decent shit to do and everyone is like I even got all that stim money!!!
Going around Home Depot these days is fucking torture. The you got shit to do and everyone looks like You got that stim money!!!
"Beyond belief his deflection
"Beyond faith its distraction
"To believe in his deflection
"Beyond this his deflection
"15 Beyond belief lies his deflection
"my belief his deflection
Yooooo I hate Home Depot so damn much
Yooooooo I hate Home Depot so damn much
Yooooo I hate Home Depot so damn much
Yooooo I hate Home Depot that damn much
Yooooo so I hate Home Depot so damn fucking much
Yooooo I hate Home Depot so damn dear
No you were to busy talking about the hoax that you ignored your experts about the real problem that we are in now thanks ass hole
"No
"No
No you were to busy talking about the hoax that you ignored your warnings about the real problem that we are right now thanks ass hole
No you were to your busy talking about how the hoax that now you just ignored your experts about the real problem that we are in and now thanks ass hole
No you were to go going about the hoax that you ignored your experts about the real problem which we are in now our ass hole
"Living in this capitalist hellscape means that I have no idea why Home Depot started texting me or how to make them stop
"Living in this capitalist hell means I have no idea why Home Depot started texting me or getting them to stop
"Living in this capitalist country means I have no idea why Home Depot started abusing me and how to get them to stop
"Living in this capitalist hellscape means that I have no idea why Home Depot was texting them or how to make them stop
"Living in this capitalist hellscape means that I have completely no idea of why these Home Depot started texting me or caring how quickly to make them stop
"Living in that capitalist hellscape wondering when I have an idea why Home Depot started texting me or how to make people stop
"The stores that refuse to enforce the mask wearing such as @Walmart @HomeDepot @Walgreens and I’m sure other businesses
"The stores that refuse to enforce the wearing of the mask
"Shops that refuse to wear a mask
"The stores that refuse to enforce the prescription system such as @Walmart @HomeDepot @Walgreens and I’m sure neighboring businesses
"The many stores that refuse to enforce the mask wearing order such as @Walmart R @HomeDepot @Walgreens R and why I ’ also m sure other retail businesses
"The stores the refuse to encourage high mask wearing such as @Walmart @HomeDepot @Walgreens and I’m sure other businesses
Why do @HomeDepot associates always seem upset or mad?  Is it just me?
Why do @ HomeDepot employees always seem upset or crazy? Is it just me?
Why does @ HomeDepot always seem upset or crazy?
Why do @HomeDepot associates always seem upset and mad?  Is it just me?
Why ever do @HomeDepot associates always seem upset or... mad? Is it just me?
Why did @HomeDepot associates always seem upset when mad? Is it just me?
Yet another reason to hate the Atlanta Falcons and Arthur Blank.
Another reason to hate the Atlanta Falcons and Arthur Blank.
Another reason to hate the Atlanta Falcons and Arthur Blanc.
Yet another reason to hate the Super Falcons and Arthur Blank.
Yet another new reason not to hate the Atlanta Falcons and Arthur Blank.
Yet another reason to hate the Atlanta Falcons and Arthur Godfrey.
Fuuuuuck 🤣. 
Fuuuuuuuuh.
Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
Fuuuuuck out.
He Fuuuuuck [UNK].
<unk> <unk>.
Online order pickup from @HomeDepot is the perfect way to get  
Online order collection at @ HomeDepot is the perfect way to
Getting an online order from @ HomeDepot is the perfect way to get
Online order pickup from @HomeDepot is my perfect way to get
Online order pickup from @HomeDepot is about the actual perfect way to get
Online order direct from @HomeDepot is the perfect way to begin
Tb to when I used to wake up at this time when I worked at Home Depot lmao fuck Home Depot
Tb to when I used to wake up at this time when I worked at Home Depot lmao fuck Home Depot
Tb to when I used to wake up at this time when I worked at Home Depot lmao fuck Home Depot
Tb to when dad used too wake up at this time when I worked at Home Depot lmao fuck Home Depot
32 Tb to when I used to wake up and at this time when I worked out at Home Depot lmao fuck up Home Depot
Tb was when I happened to wake up at this time when I worked at that Depot lmao fuck Home Depot
They trying not to get looted as well. 
Nor are they trying to be pillaged.
"They
They trying it to get looted as well.
They start trying not to get looted exactly as well.
They trying not to get looted as was.
"Hey @JustinTrudeau  
"Hi @ JustinTrudeau
"Hey @ JustinTrudeau
"Hey @JustinTrudeau 
"5 Hey @JustinTrudeau
"Hey @JustinTrudeau
Bu$ine$$ decision. Why alienate half of your customer base by disregarding their constitutional liberties?
Bu $ine $decision. Why alienate half your client base by disregarding their constitutional freedoms?
Bu $ine $$$$solution: Why deceive half of your customer base by ignoring their constitutional freedoms?
Bu$ine$$ $$. Why alienate half of your user base by disregarding their constitutional liberties?
Bu $ 1 ine $ $ decision. Why you alienate half half of both your customer interest base by disregarding their constitutional liberties?
Bu$ine$$ decision. Why waste half your your customer base by disregarding their constitutional protection?
Bro why Home Depot got a fucking line like the club
Bro why Home Depot got a damn line like the club
Bro why Home Depot got a fucking turn as a club
Bro why Home Depot got that fucking line like the club
Bro why Home Help Depot got a fucking line like the band club
Bro why Home Depot got a fucking line like the ones
@HomeDepot attention executive administrators.  If your stores are getting delivery orders for pallets of bricks to downtown areas you are being used in helping the destruction of private property.
"@ HomeDepot Attention Executive Administrators. When your stores receive delivery orders for pallets of bricks to the city center
"@ HomeDepot attention to executive administrators. If your stores receive orders to deliver pallets of bribes to the city center
@HomeDepot attention executive administrators.  If your stores are getting delivery orders for pallets of bricks to south Portland you are being used by helping the destruction of private property.
@HomeDepot attention executive administrators. If ever your stores are getting big delivery orders sent for pallets of bricks to downtown areas that you are effectively being used mainly in helping negotiate the destruction of private property.
Pay attention executive administrators. While your stores are taking delivery orders for pallets of bricks to downtown then you were being used in helping the destruction of private property.
I have sad news to report. My wife got laid off from her jib because of lack ofbusiness at her restaurant where she works. I am going to help with her unemployment thing today. This is a bad day and now this has hit me personally i work at the  
I have sad news to report. My wife was made redundant because no business was done in the restaurant where she works. I will help her cause with unemployment today. It is a bad day and now it has hit me personally.
I have sad news. My wife has been fired from her job because of the lack of business in her restaurant where she works. I'm going to help her with unemployment today. It's a bad day and now it's hit me personally I work in
I have sad news to report. My wife got laid off from daughter jib because to lack ofbusiness at her restaurant where he works. I am going to help with her unemployment thing today. This took a bad day and now this has hit you personally i work at the
I actually have sad news to report. My wife got laid off from her jib duties because of lack ofbusiness at her restaurant where she just works. But I just am going to help with her unemployment prevention thing later today. This is a really bad early day and now this has really hit me personally i work at the
I have more news to report. My wife got laid off from her jib because of lack ofbusiness at her restaurant because mum works. I am expected to help with her unemployment thing today. This is a bad day and now this definitely annoyed me personally i work absolutely no
grudgingly eating my healthy snack & water for break instead of having one of many unhealthy home depot snacks & a diet sodie . 
Reluctantly eating my healthy snack & water for the break instead of eating one of many unhealthy Home Depot snacks & a diet soda.
I reluctantly eat my healthy snack and water for a break instead of eating one of the many unhealthy homemade snacks and diet sodas.
grudgingly eating my small snack & water for break instead of having one of many unhealthy or depot snacks & a diet sodie.
grudgingly accept eating my healthy favourite snack & diet water only for the break instead of having one bottle of many unhealthy home depot snacks & a diet sodie.
grudgingly eating my morning snacks & water for break instead of your one of many unhealthy food depot snacks & a diet sodie.
I’m throwing a whole tantrum cause the Home Depot in Cheltenham is still out of a working saw and I have to go to the one on the Boulevard...I HATE that one!
I throw a tantrum because the Home Depot in Cheltenham still doesn't have a working saw and I have to go to the one on the boulevard... I hate that!
I throw a lot of tantrums because Tottenham still don't work and I have to go to whoever is on the pitch... I WEEK it!
I’m not a whole lot feeling the Home Depot in Cheltenham is still out of a working saw and I have to go to the one on the Boulevard...I HATE that idiot!
I ’ don m throwing a whole tantrum cause the Home Depot in Cheltenham is not still almost out of a working saw and because I have to go to the one on at the Logan Boulevard... IF I HATE that other one!
I’m throwing a whole tantrum cause as Home Depot in Downtown is still out of a working saw now we have to resort to the one on the Boulevard...I HATE his one!
@GovRonDeSantis I have been to Walmart once this year. I haven't been to Home Depot.  I find it ridiculous to subject our children to school at this time in the pandemic.  Children will die. Mandate masks.
@ GovRonDeSantis I've been to Walmart once this year. I wasn't at Home Depot. I think it's ridiculous to put our children through school at this time of pandemic. Children are going to die.
@ GovRonDeSantis I have been to Walmart once this year. I haven't been to Home Depot. I find it's incredible to subject our children to school at this time in the pandemic. Children will die. Mandate masks.
@GovRonDeSantis I have been to Walmart once this year. I haven't been to Home Depot.  I find it ridiculous to subject our newborn to school at this time in disease pandemic.  People would die. Mandate masks.
@GovRonDeSantis I have been to Walmart every once this very year. I haven't even been to a Home Depot. I still find it ridiculous to subject almost our children to school at twice this dangerous time in the vaccine pandemic. Children will die. Get Mandate masks.
@GovRonDeSantis we have been to Walmart once this year. I haven't been to Home Depot. I find it ridiculous I subject our people at that at this time in the pandemic. People will die. Mandate school.
"Well
"Now that Bernie from Home Depot has said it.... and
"Well
"Well
"Well
"Well
fuck Home Depot
Fuck Home Depot
Fuck Home Depot
fuck Home<unk>
fuck Home Home Depot
to Home Depot
damn @HomeDepot you really telling me to relapse like common man this shit aint cool :(
"damn @ HomeDepot
damn @ HomeDepot you really tell me to relapse like common this shit aint cool: (
damn @HomeDepot and really telling me to relapse like like man this shit aint cool :(
Holy damn @HomeDepot you really telling me tomorrow to relapse like common clothes man and this shit aint cool : (
damn old you are telling me to relapse like common man this shit not cool :(
@GavinNewsom shut down walmarts and all groceries stores and home depot and lowes but u won't lmao shows how your shutdown is BS
"@ GavinNewsom closes Walmarts and all grocery stores and Home Depot and lowes
"@ GavinNewsom has closed Walmarts and all grocery stores as well as Home Depot and Lowlands
@GavinNewsom shut down walmarts and all groceries here and home depot and wonders why u won't lmao shows how your shutdown is BS
@GavinNewsom shut down walmarts and all groceries in stores and and home food depot and lowes but u u won't lmao shows u how your call shutdown it is BS
@GavinNewsom close down walmarts and large groceries stores and home depot closing lowes but u won't lmao do them your shutdown is BS
I will be boycotting Home Depot I can shop other places they no longer get my money again Americans buy a book of stamps from the postal office as many as you can that will keep them running
I will boycott Home Depot I can shop in other places where they can't get my money Americans buy as many stamps as possible from the post office that keeps them running
"I will boycott Home Depot I can shop elsewhere
I will be boycotting Home Depot I know shop other places they no longer get my money again Americans buy a book of stamps from the postal and as many as you can this will keep them running
I will be even boycotting Home Depot I can shop other places they no longer get my money so again More Americans buy a book of fancy stamps from the postal office as many people as you ever can that will keep hitting them running
I will be boycotting Home Depot I can shop other places and no longer get my money again Americans buy a book of crap from the box office my many places you can that will keep them running
this is some real home depot shit
This is real depot shit
this is some real home depot shit
this is some real home<unk> shit
this is some real home of depot shit
this is some nasty home depot shit
Damn...that sucks becuz Lowes high as hell. Imma end up poor as much as i go to HD
Damn it... that sucks becuz Lowes as high as hell. Imma ends up as poor as I go to HD
Damn... that sucks beccLowes high as hell. Imma end up poor as much as i go to HD
Damn...that sucks becuz Lowes high as hell. Imma end up poor as soon than i go to HD
Damn... that sucks the becuz Lowes high maintenance as hell. Imma end you up pretty poor as much as i go about to HD
Damn...that sucks becuz Lowes high bloody hell. Imma end up poor pretty much as i tend to buy
They are the worst!
They are the worst!
They are the worst!
They are the first!
They are being the worst!
They are their worst!
"I knew Home Depot was so fucking toxic when I’d be told “you’re not doing your job how we want you to” but when a customer wanted to reward my services and tell the managers
"I knew Home Depot was so fucking toxic when they told me
"I knew Home Depot was so toxic when I was told ""you don't do your job the way we want you to do it
"I knew Home Depot was so fucking toxic when I’d gotten told “you’re not doing my job unless we want you to” but when a customer wanted to reward my services just tell the managers
"I knew Home Draw Depot merchandise was so fucking toxic when I I ’ d be told “ you ’ re not only doing your job how we want you to start ” act but how when a customer wanted to reward my services and tell the managers
"I say Home Depot was so fucking toxic when can be told “you’re not doing your part as we want you to” but when a person wanted to reward my service and tell the managers
Wow I actually gotta go today and this really made me go to Lowe’s instead
"Wow
Wow I actually ggo today and this really made me go to Lowe's instead
Wow I actually gotta go today and this really made me go to Lowe’s...
Wow when I actually gotta go today and do this really made me go to Lowe ’ s party instead
Wow no actually gotta go today and this really gets me go to Lowe’s instead
A lot of yall don't seem to mind being stacked on top of each other in one aisle with masks and no social distancing in Home Depot but you wanna bitch on Twitter.
"Many Yalle don't seem to mind sitting in a corridor stacked on top of each other with masks and no social distancing themselves from Home Depot
"Many don't seem to mind being lumped together with masks and no social exclusion at Home Depot
A lot of yall don't seem to mind being stacked on side of each other with one aisle with masks and no social distancing in Home Depot but you wanna bitch on anyway.
A lot of yall don't seem to not mind being stacked on top of each other walking in one aisle with their masks hanging and no social distancing in even Home Depot... but you wanna go bitch on Twitter.
Hell lot of yall don't seem to want being stacked on top of each other in half aisle with masks and no social life in Home Depot but they wanna bitch on this.
@HomeDepot I slightly hate y’all for wasting my time at 2 stores this morning
@ HomeDepot I hate y'all for wasting my time in 2 stores this morning
@ HomeDepot I slightly hate y'all for spending time in two stores this morning
@HomeDepot I slightly hate Starbucks for wasting my time at 2 stores this morning
@HomeDepot I slightly... hate y ’ all this for wasting my time at 2 local stores this morning
@HomeDepot not just hate y’all for wasting my time browsing 2 stores this morning
@Lowes @HomeDepot seems Home improvement is more concerned with no shoes no shirts no service than making sure customers are safe wearing mask in your stores.. no shoes no shorts no mask no service... Help stamp out  
"@ Lowes @ HomeDepot seems to care more about do-it-yourselfers having no shoes
@ Lowes @ HomeDepot seems Home Improvement is more concerned about the lack of shoes no shirts no service than making sure customers are safe to wear a mask in your stores.. no shoes no shorts no mask no service... Help eradicate
@Lowes @HomeDepot seems Home improvement is more concerned with no shoes no shirts or jeans than making assure customers are safe wearing mask in your stores.. no shoes no shorts no mask no cash Help stamp out
But @Lowes... @HomeDepot seems like Home improvement is more strictly concerned is with no shoes no masks shirts no service than making sure customers are safe wearing mask in your stores.. no shoes no shorts socks no mask bags no job service... Help stamp out
@Lowes @HomeDepot seems Home improvement is more exciting with no shoes and shirts no service than making your customers felt safe wearing things in the stores.. no shoes no dress no mask no service... Help stamp out
ngl the home depot beat goes fucking hard
ngl the Home Depot beat goes damn hard
Home Depot Beating Goes Flamboyant
ngl the home run beat goes fucking hard
· ngl the home depot beat goes fucking hard
ngl the tram depot beat goes fucking hard
Every damn casino needs to be shut down.   Walmart.  Home Depot all of it needs shut down. This ruling by scotus. Is pure bullshit.    Roberts has to resign
Walmart. Home Depot everything must be closed. This verdict from Scotsman. Is pure bullshit. Roberts must resign.
Every hell of a casino should be shut down. Walmart. Home Depot should be shut down.
Every damn casino needs to be shutdown downs.   Walmart.  Home Depot all of it needs shut down. This ruling by scotus. Is pure bullshit.    Comey forced to resign
Every damn casino needs to be shut back down. Every Walmart. Home General Depot all because of it just needs shut down. This ruling covered by scotus. Is just pure bullshit. Roberts has to resign
Every damn casino needs to be boarded up. Walmart. Home Depot all of it being shut down. This ruling by scotus. Is<unk> bullshit. Roberts has to be
"I’m so glad I saw this
"I'm so glad I saw that
"I'm so glad I saw it
"I’m so glad I saw this
"I ’ m so glad what I saw about this
"was so sad I saw this
"[DLBN] COURT REFUSES TO DISMISS LAWSUIT AGAINST HOME DEPOT’S 401K PLAN. Plaintiffs assert HD chose poorly performing funds
"The plaintiffs allege that HD selected poorly performing funds
"[DLBN] COURT REFUSES TO IMPLEMENT LEGISLATION AGAINST PIF's HOUSE DEPOT 401K. The plaintiffs insist that HD funds were used in bad faith
"[DLBN] COURT REFUSES TO FILE IR AGAINST HOME DEPOT’S 401K scheme. Plaintiffs assert HD DK poorly managed funds
"[ A DLBN ] COURT REFUSES TO DISMISS LAWSUIT AGAINST AT HOME DEPOT ’ AN S 401K PLAN. Plaintiffs to assert HD chose poorly and performing funds
"<unk>] COURT<unk> TO DISMISS LAWSUIT AGAINST HOME DEPOT’S 401K PLAN. Plaintiffs assert it charged inferior performing schools
Thank you for mentioning this. I were planning on going to Home Depot tomorrow and I had no idea!!! Lowe’s it is!
Thank you for mentioning it. I was planning to go to Home Depot tomorrow and had no idea!!! Lowe's it is!
Thank you for mentioning this. I was planning on going to Home Depot tomorrow and I had no idea!!! Lowe's it is!
Thank you for listing this. I were planning on going to Home Depot tomorrow and I had no idea!!! Lowe’s it you!
Thank you girls for mentioning all this. I were planning on going to A Home Depot tomorrow and I had no idea!!! Uncle Lowe ’ s house it is!
Thank you for mentioning this. I were planning on coming to Home Noble tomorrow day but had no idea!!! Lowe’s it is!
@HomeDepot DAY 24 of you legitimately stealing a fridge from me. At this point I care more about you losing a lawsuit than the time and money the fridge has been worth. https://t.co/vLtym9sios
@ HomeDepot TAG 24 of you have lawfully stolen a refrigerator from me. At this point it is more important to me that you lose a process than the time and money that the refrigerator was worth. https: / / t.co / vLtym9sios
@ HomeDepot DAY 24 of you legendary stelling a fridge from me. At this point I care more about you losing a justice than the time and money the fridge has been worth. https: / / Fenco / vLtym9sios
@HomeDepot DAY all of you legitimately stealing a fridge from me. At this point I care more than you losing a fraction behind the time and money the fridge has been worth. https://t.co/vLtym9sios]
@HomeDepot from DAY 24 Several of you legitimately are stealing a fucking fridge from me. At... this very point I care more about you losing a lawsuit now than the time and money for the fridge has been truly worth. https://t.co/vLtym9sios ]
@HomeDepot DAY 24 of you legitimately stealing a pizza from me. At this point I care enough about you for a lawsuit than the time and money no fridge once been worth. x]
Fuck these hoes forreal.
Shit on those hoes.
Fuck these cops forreal.
Fuck these hoes already.
for Fuck these hoes forreal.
Fuck fucking hoes forreal.
"Looks like a friend of mike s.
"Looks like a friend of mike s.
"Looks like a friend of Mick's
"Looks like a friend of the s.
"Looks like a friend here of mike s.
"Looks like little friend of mike s.
"In other news
"In other news
"In other words
"In other news
"In other news
"In other news
"Today
"Mackay was burning with rage today
"He checks the clock: 2: 22. ""Isn't that shit?"" he shouts. ""Now what?"""
"Today
"Today
"Today
 . . Shop @lowes
Shop @ lowes
.. Shop @ lowes
.. N @lowes
.. Shop 1 @lowes
.. by @lowes
@HomeDepot Who can I contact about credit card fraud from an online order I placed? I tried DM-ing @HDCares but haven’t heard back yet...
@ HomeDepot Who can I contact about credit card fraud when I place an online order? I tried DM-ing @ HDCares but have not heard of it yet...
@ HomeDepot Who can I contact about credit card fraud in an online order I made?
@HomeDepot Who can I contact about credit card fraud from an Uber order I placed? I tried DM-ing customers but haven’t heard back._
@HomeDepot Dear Who can I contact about credit card fraud... from an online order I placed? I tried DM - c ing with @HDCares but still haven ’ t heard anything back on yet...
@HomeDepot Who can I contact about credit consolidation debt and an online order I placed? I tried DM-ing @HDCares but you heard back since...
"@GovMurphy Give NJ something...Parks and golf.  Its safer than Home Depot
@ GovMurphy Give NJ something... parks and golf. Safer than Home Depot.
"@ GovMurphy Give NJ something... Parks and golf. Its safer than Home Depot
"@GovMurphy Give NJ something...Parks and golf.  Its safer than Home Farm
"@GovMurphy Give NJ Shore something... Parks and video golf. Its probably safer than Home Depot
"@GovMurphy Give NJ something...Parks do golf. Its safer than Home Depot
There's a special kind of heartache that the smell of Home Depot brings.
There's a particular kind of heartache that comes with the smell of Home Depot.
There is a special kind of heart attack that brings the smell of Home Depot.
There's a special kind of heartache that the smell of Office Depot brings.
There's always a special kind of heartache that the smell inside of Home and Depot brings.
There's a special form of heartache that the state of Home Depot brings.
While this article says — Marcus no longer ran the company— that is Home Depot he still makes the $$$ in stock. So go ahead and boycott!
"While this article says - Marcus no longer ran the company - that is Home Depot
"While this article says Marcus is no longer running the company - that is
While this article says — Marcus no more ran the company— that is Home Depot he still makes the most in wages. So go ahead and boycott!
While this article still says — Marcus Cunningham no longer ran the company — that is the Home Help Depot he still makes to the $ $ $ purchase in stock. So go ahead and boycott!
While this article says — Peter no longer ran the company— that is Home Rental he still makes the $$$ in stock. I plan ahead and boycott!
almost shit on myself in Home Depot
Almost shit on myself at Home Depot
almost shit on himself at Home Depot
almost shit on myself | Home Depot
almost shit on you myself in Home Depot
some shit on myself in Home Depot
"Crazed Michigan Governor Now Tells Home Depot to Shut Down Unnecessary Flooring
"The crazy governor of Michigan is now telling Home Depot to shut down unnecessary flooring
"Michigan's governor is now advising households to close unwanted floors
"Crazed Michigan Governor Now Tells Home Owner to Shut Down Unnecessary Painting
"Crazed for Michigan Governor Paul Now Tells The Home Office Depot to First Shut Down Unnecessary Glass Flooring
"Crazed Michigan Governor Now Tells Green Street Has Shut off Unnecessary Equipment
@HomeDepot could u tell if u are.  Having trouble logging into credit card web page..i cant log in...if i change my password i can log in...once i log out...i cant log bax in
"@ HomeDepot could tell u if u are. Having trouble logging into the credit card website.. I can't log in... if I change my password
@ HomeDepot could u tell if u are. Having trouble logging into credit card web page.. i cant log in... if i change my password i can log in... once i log out... i cant log bax in
@HomeDepot Can u tell if they are.  Having trouble logging into credit card web page..i seldom log in...if i change my password i can go in...once i log out...i cant log bax in
by @HomeDepot could u tell if anything u often are. Having trouble not logging into credit card transaction web page.. while i cant... log in... if i change my password i can help log in... once i log out... i cant log In bax back in
school could u tell how u were. Having trouble logging a credit card new page..i always log in...if i change my card i will log in...once i checked out...i cant log bax in
"You were right
"They were right
"You were right
"You were right
"You were right
"You were right
they be hiring the laziest mfs at home depot
they hire the laziest mfs in their home depot
they hire the laziest mfs in the house
they be half the laziest mfs at home depot
they be hiring the laziest one mfs at your home depot
they be your 9 laziest mfs at home depot
Bought my dining room table from @HomeDepot and it showed up to my house with a huge crack in the corner of it. I’ve been on hold 2 different times for over 30 minutes to speak to someone about it . . . I was so excited about this damn table and now I’m annoyed with it.
"When I bought my dining table from @ HomeDepot
Bought a table in my dining room from @ HomeDepot and it showed up in my house with a huge crack in the corner. I was on the hook 2 times for over 30 minutes to talk to someone about it... I was so excited about this damn table and now I'm annoyed by it.
Bought my dining room table from @HomeDepot and it showed up to my house with an huge mess in the corner of it. I’ve been on hold 2 actual times for over 30 minutes to yell for people about it... I was so excited about this damn table and now I’m annoyed with it.
Bought my own dining room table from @HomeDepot and it showed up to my house with only a huge crack in between the left corner of it. Still I ’ ve been on hold 2 different 3 times asking for over 8 30 minutes to speak to someone worried about it... I was so excited about this damn table and yet now I ’ m annoyed with it.
Bought another dining room table from @HomeDepot and they showed up AT my house with a huge bounce in the corner of the. I’ve been on hold five different times for over 30 minutes to speak to someone about that... I was so concerned about this damn table BUT now I’m annoyed with that.
These are the companies that spend the most $ on Facebook ads. . . Will you join the boycott and tell Facebook to stop spreading racism and hate?!. . @ProcterGamble. @Walmart. @Microsoft. @Target. @amazon. @HomeDepot. @Diageo_News. @nytimes. @dominos. @BestBuy. .  
These are the companies that spend the most dollars on Facebook advertising... Will you join the boycott and call on Facebook to stop spreading racism and hatred?!... @ ProcterGamble. @ Walmart. @ Microsoft. @ Target. @ amazon. @ HomeDepot. @ Diageo _ News. @ nytimes. @ Dominos. @ BestBuy.
Will you join the boycott and tell Facebook to stop spreading racism and hatred?!. @ ProcterGamble. @ Walmart. @ Microsoft. @ Target. @ Amazon. @ HomeDepot. @ Diageo _ News. @ nytimes. @ dominos. @ Buy.
These are 2 companies that spend the most $ on Facebook ads.. — Will you call us boycott To tell Facebook to Quit spreading racism and hate?!.. @ProcterGamble. @Walmart. @Microsoft. @Target. RT. @amazon. @HomeDepot. @Diageo_News. @nytimes. @dominos..
These persons are the companies that only spend the most $ on encouraging Facebook ads... Will you join the boycott committee and not tell Facebook to stop spreading brand racism and expression hate?!.. @ProcterGamble. @Walmart. @Microsoft. @Target. @amazon. to @HomeDepot. and @Diageo_News. @nytimes. @dominos. → @BestBuy..
These are the ads that spend your least $ into Facebook advertisers... Will you join my boycott and make Facebook advertisers stop supporting racism and hate?!.. @ProcterGamble. @Walmart. @Microsoft. @Target. @amazon. @HomeDepot. @Diageo_News. @nytimes. @dominos. Read..
I just had a whole ass emotional breakdown in Home Depot.
I just had an emotional breakdown at Home Depot.
I just had a complete emotional breakdown at Home Depot.
I just got a whole ass emotional breakdown in Home Depot.
I basically just had a whole ass emotional breakdown in The Home Depot.
I just had a whole ass gut breakdown in Home Depot.
"@HomeDepot delivery scheduled today for online appliance purchase. No call yesterday or today
"@ HomeDepot delivery scheduled today for online device purchase. No call yesterday or today
"@ HomeDepot delivery is scheduled for today for online shopping. No call yesterday
"@HomeDepot delivery scheduled today for online appliance purchase. Little call yesterday or today
"The @HomeDepot delivery scheduled on today for your online appliance company purchase. 2013 No call yesterday or today
"@HomeDepot is scheduled today for online appliance sales. No call yesterday or tomorrow
Never buy from Home Depot
Never buy from Home Depot
Never buy at Home Depot
Never buy from Home page
Never dare buy from Home Depot
Never Home from Home Depot
Just spent a hour in Home Depot 🤬 home renovations expensive as hell
Spent just an hour at Home Depot: Home renovations as expensive as hell
"Just spent an hour at Home Depot
Just spend a hour in Home Depot 🤬 home renovations expensive as hell
Just spent like a terrible hour in Home Depot [UNK] home renovations expensive as hell
Just spent a hour in Home Depot <unk> home renovations disguised as home
"@HomeDepot when will I hear back about the lost item from my order? It has been a month since it was supposed to arrive
"@ HomeDepot
"@ HomeDepot when will I hear about a lost item from my order? It's been a month since it was supposed to arrive
"@HomeDepot when will I hear back about the lost item from my order? It was been a month since it was supposed too arrive
"@HomeDepot when will I hear back about the lost item along from my order? It has been a month since it was supposed to arrive
"ask when will customer hear back about the lost item from this order? It has been a month since it was in to arrive
"Crazy part is there are so many more Home Depot’s in the hood than Lowe’s and Lowe’s are generally in better off neighborhoods
"Crazy part is that there are so many more Home Depots under the hood than Lowe's and Lowe's usually in better neighborhoods
"The funny part is that there are many more hooded houses than Lowe's and Lowe's
"Crazy part is there are probably many more Home Depot’s in one hood than Lowe’s and Lowe’s are generally in better off financially
"7 Crazy part also is there are so many maybe more Home Depot ’ s in the hood than Lowe Anne ’ s and Lowe Jane ’ s are generally in better off neighborhoods
"Crazy factor is there are so much more Home Motors in the hood than Lowe’s and Lowe’s are generally in better off neighborhoods
@bsb823 I have a huge issue with one of your Home Depot stores I need you to either give me your work number or email please
@ bsb823 I have a big problem with one of your Home Depot stores I need you to either give me your work number or please email me
@ b823 I have a huge problem with one of your Home Depot stores I need you to either give me your work number or email me please
@bsb823 I have 1 huge issue with one of your Home Depot stores I need you to either give me his work number or email please
@bsb823 I have a huge issue with opening one of your Home Depot stores I just need you to either go give me your online work number or email my please
@bsb823 I have 2 huge issue with one of your Home decor stores I need you to either give in your work number or email my
did yall forget its fuck home depot bc they support trump orrr???
Forgot yall his fuck home depot bc they support trump orrr???
did yall forget its fuck home depot bc they support trump orrr???
did yall forget its not home depot bc they support trump orrr???
did yall forget its fuck at home depot when bc they would support trump orrr???
did yall forget your fuck home depot bc driver support trump orrr???
Your  

Your
Your
And Your
at
You know you’re getting older when Home Depot becomes your favorite store
You know you're getting older when Home Depot becomes your favorite store
You know you're getting old when Home Depot becomes your favorite store
You know you’re getting older before Home Depot becomes your favorite store
You know you ’ I re getting older when Home Depot becomes more your favorite store
women know you’re getting older when Best Depot becomes your favorite store
Falling asleep and thought of a brilliant idea . . @HomeDepot @Lowes should have work rooms at their stores for people who don't have space and/or equipment at their house to build. Rent a room at the store to have access to equipment + having someone help you make your item(s).
Fall asleep and the thought of an ingenious idea... @ HomeDepot @ Lowes should have workrooms in its stores for people who don't have space and / or equipment in their home to build. Rent a room in the store to have access to appliances + someone to help you make your items.
Sleep and think about a brilliant idea... @ HomeDepot @ Lowes should have workrooms in their stores for people who have no space and / or equipment in their home to build.
Falling asleep and thought out a brilliant idea :. @HomeDepot @Lowes should have work rooms across their stores for people who don't have space and/or equipment at their house to build. Rent a room at the store to avoid access to resources + having someone help your make your item(s).
Falling asleep and thought of a really brilliant idea.. The @HomeDepot @Lowes should really have work rooms at their stores more for people who don'T t have space and / or equipment available at their house down to build. Rent a room at the IT store to have access to equipment + having had someone help you make it your item ( s ).
Falling On We thought of a brilliant theory.. @HomeDepot @Lowes should have built rooms at their stores for retailers who don't possess space and/or equipment at their house doing build. Rent them room at the store being have access to equipment and having someone help you make your item(s).
"@MarcRyanOnAir Dabo going on a private plan to his house in Fla is Way better than people taking their entire family to Walmart
"@ MarcRyanair OnAir Dabo
"@ Marcon OnAir Dabo is better than people who take their whole family to Walmart
"@MarcRyanOnAir Dabo going through a private plan to his house from Fla is definitely better than people taking their entire family to Walmart
"@MarcRyanOnAir Dabo going now on conducting a private plan to his house in Fla is Way far better than people taking their entire family here to do Walmart
"@MarcRyanOnAir Dabo going on a private trailer to his trailer in Fla<unk> Way better than someone bringing their entire family to Walmart
"Would have been a great deal this morning @HomeDepot. . . After 40 min on various lines I finally had this item.. . However
"Would have been a lot this morning @ HomeDepot... After 40 minutes on different lines I finally had this article.. However
"It would have been very much this morning @ HomeDepot... After 40 minutes on different lines I finally had this item.. However
"Would have been a great deal this morning RhandlerR. . . After 40 min on various lines I finally had this item.. . However
"2016 Would have been a great deal this morning RhandlerR. . . After 40 min on various lines I finally had this item.. . However
what
Had the worst customer service experience in my life @HomeDepot today congratulations @Lowes you got an old customer back @MakitaTools gotta stop buying your stuff now that @HomeDepot did what they did
Had the worst customer service experience in my life @ HomeDepot today Congratulations @ Lowes you have an old customer back @ MakitaTools needs to stop buying your stuff now that @ HomeDepot has done what they did
Had the worst customer service experience of my life @ HomeDepot today congratulations @ Lowes you got an old customer back @ MakitaTools stop buying your stuff now that @ HomeDepot did what they did
Had a worst customer service experience in my life @HomeDepot today congratulations if you got an old customer complaining he gotta stop buying your stuff now that @Lowes did what they did
Had the perhaps worst boring customer service experience in my life @HomeDepot well today all congratulations @Lowes you got an ugly old customer back from @MakitaTools people gotta stop buying all your stuff now that @HomeDepot did what they say did
Had the worst customer service experience in his life Happy today congratulations @HomeDepot they got an old customer back @Lowes gotta stop buying your stuff its that @MakitaTools did something you did
"No Dumb Donnie YOU should have been investigating instead of holding your HATE RALLIES and GOLFING every weekend! You were not distracted enough to stop doing that
"No Dumb Donnie YOU should have investigated instead of holding your HATE RALLIES and GOLFING every weekend! You weren't distracted enough to stop
No dumb Donny Yu should be investigating instead of spending his HATE RALLS and GOLLFING every weekend!
"No Dumb Donnie YOU should have been investigating instead of performing REAL HATE RALLIES and GOLFING next weekend! You were not distracted enough to stop doing that
"No way Dumb Business Donnie or YOU should probably have been investigating instead of just holding your HATE RALLIES and GOLFING every weekend! You guys were definitely not distracted enough to stop doing that
"No Dumb Donnie<unk> should have been mad enough of holding your HATE RALLIES over GOLFING every weekend! You were not distracted enough of stop doing that
Lowe’s you’re doing amazing sweetie 🥳 home depot? Who’s that.
Lowe's you're doing amazing sweetie home depot?
"Lou
Lowe’s was doing amazing sweetie and home depot? Who’s that.
Lowe ’ s you ’ re not doing amazing sweetie [UNK] home depot? Who it ’ s called that.
Lowe’s you’re doing today sweetie <unk> bus depot? Who’s getting.
i REFUSE TO BE CRYING ABOUT KAKYOIN IN A HOME DEPOT PARKING LOT JESUS CHRIST
I HAVE PROVIDED TO BE JESUS CHRIST IN A HOUSE PARKING
I FUTURE ASSISTANCE TO CAKIOINE IN A HOUSE DEPOT PARKING WITH LOT CHRIST JESUS
i REFUSE TO BE CRYING ABOUT KAKYOIN AFTER A HOME DEPOT PARKING LOT JESUS CHRIST
i C REFUSE IN TO... BE AN CRYING AT ABOUT KAKYOIN IN AN A HOME ON DEPOT ON PARKING LOT JESUS CHRIST
i LOVE TO PRE CRYING ABOUT KAKYOIN IN THAT WHITE DEPOT PARKING NOT JESUS CHRIST
i am begging for Home Depot to close its stores. my dad has been 3 times in the week i’ve been home. i can’t keep having the same argument everyday.
I ask Home Depot to close its stores. My father was 3 times a week when I was at home. I can't have the same argument every day.
i am beginning for Home Depot to close its store. my dad has been 3 times in the week i've been home. i can't keep having the same argument everyday.
i am begging for Art Depot to close its stores. my dad has been 3 times in the week i’ve been home. i can’t keep arguing the same argument constantly.
i am not begging for the Home Depot to close its stores. since my late dad already has been 3 fucking times in the week i ’ ve been home. i can totally ’ t keep having the same argument everyday.
i am begging for Home Depot that close its place. my dad has been 3 times in the span i’ve been home. i can’t draw up the same argument about.
What an idiot lmaooo
What an idiot lmaooo
What an idiot lmaooo
What an inspiration lmaooo
1 What an idiot lmaooo
What awful idiot lmaooo
"@seanhannity my money spent at Home Depot  goes to support Trump?. not anymore... Google . find the closest Lowe's . Google... that quick . No more Money for . Home Depot not even for plants. That simple
"@ seanhannity My money I've spent at Home Depot goes to support Trump?. no more... Google. Find the nearest Lowe's. Google... so fast. No more money for. Home Depot not even for plants. So easy
"@ seanhannity my money spent at Home Depot goes to support Trump?. no more... Google. Find the nearest Lowe's. Google... so fast. No more money for. Home Depot not even for plants. It's simple
"RhandlerR my money spent at Home Depot  goes to support Trump?. not anymore... Google . find the closest Lowe's . Google... that quick . No more Money for . Home Depot not even for plants. That simple
"1 RhandlerR my money spent at Home Depot  goes to support Trump?. not anymore... Google . find the closest Lowe's . Google... that quick . No more Money for . Home Depot not even for plants. That simple
that
Shouting Kathy out for aiding in a speedy checkout by helping get the lines down at her terminal!! There is no I in team here at the Bridgeport Home Depot!!  
Call Kathy for help with a quick checkout by helping to reduce the queues at her terminal!! There is no I in the team here at Bridgeport Home Depot!!
"Shout out out to the help in the quick deception
Shouting Kathy out!! aiding in a speedy transaction by helping get the paperwork down at her terminal!! There is no I in team here at the Bridgeport Home Depot!!
Shouting Kathy out for aiding in delivering a speedy checkout process by helping get the lines down here at her terminal!! » There there is no I think in her team here at the Bridgeport Pike Home Depot!!
check Kathy out in aiding in a speedy checkout by helping get those lines down at her because There is no money in team here at the Bridgeport Home Depot!!
"Asurion rejected the claim.  Normal maint. they said.  Now I can either pay  weingartz $260 to fix it
Now I can either pay $260 for the repair or $90 for a diag fee to get it back. I wouldn't have sent it if I could have guessed that. I won't buy the main plan again. @ HomeDepot @ Asurion
"Normal services. they said. Now I can either pay Ogartz $60 to fix it
"Asurion rejected the claim.  Normal maint. he said.  Now I can either pay  weingartz $260 to fix it
"Asurion rejected the claim. Normal good maint. Everything they said. Now I can perhaps either pay another weingartz $ 260 to fix it
"website rejected the claim. Normal maint. they said. Now we can probably pay weingartz $30 to fix it
The reason I hate going to Home Depot is because you have to go 2 times after the initial trip to really get everything you needed.
"The reason I hate going to Home Depot is that after the first trip
The reason I hate going to Home Depot is that after the first trip you have to drive twice to really get what you need.
The reason I hate going to Home Depot is because you start to go 2 times after the initial trip to really get anything you needed.
The reason I so hate just going to Home Depot is because you have to go 2 times just after for the initial trip to really get them everything you needed.
The reason girls hate going through Baby Depot is because you try to go 2 times after the initial trip to really get everything you needed.
I’m screaming!
I scream!
I'm screaming!
I’m home!
I ’ 1 m screaming!
still screaming!
Holy crap Desantis is a moron. I thought Kemp was bad. They’re like twins sharing a brain!
Holy crap Desantis is an idiot. I thought Kemp was bad. They are like twins who share a brain!
I thought Kemp was bad - they were like twins sharing a brain!
Holy man Desantis is a moron. I thought Kemp was bad. They’re like twins for a brain!
Holy crap and Desantis is a moron. Obviously I thought Kemp really was bad. They ’ They re both like twins sharing a brain!
Holy crap Desantis is a moron. I thought Kemp really bad. We like that sharing a brain!
My apartment smells like fucking Home Depot
My apartment smells like damn Home Depot
My flat smells of fucking homemade depot
My apartment smells like fucking Home Ec
... My apartment smells like fucking Home Depot
My apartment smells like fucking Hair Depot
".@HomeDepot and @Lowes face a class action lawsuit for failing to warn consumers about the risks of Monsanto's Roundup. The choice is clear: ditch Roundup
. @ HomeDepot and @ Lowes are facing a class action lawsuit for failing to warn consumers about the risks of Monsanto's Roundup. The choice is clear: stop Roundup or face the legal consequences! sumof.us / 670144613t? ref...
"@ HomeDepot and @ Lowes face class action for failing to warn consumers of the risks of Roundup Monsanto. The choice is clear: die Roundup
".@HomeDepot and @Lowes face a class action lawsuit for failure to brief consumers about the risks of Monsanto's Roundup. The choice remains clear: ditch us
". @HomeDepot Ltd and @Lowes face a class action lawsuit settlement for failing solely to warn your consumers about the risks of Monsanto's Roundup. The choice is made clear : ditch the Roundup
".@HomeDepot Steven @Lowes have a class action lawsuit for learning to warn data on health risks at Monsanto's Roundup. The situation is clear: ditch research
Wait wtf is Home Depot you would never find this shit in the UK. That’s literally a 12ft skeleton garden decoration.
"Wait a minute
Wait wtf is Home Depot you would never find this shit in the UK. That's literally a 12ft skeleton garden decoration.
Wait wtf is Home Depot you would only find this shit within the UK. That’s literally a 12ft skeleton garden decoration.
Wait wtf Christmas is Home Depot you kid would never wanna find this cheap shit in the UK. That ’ s literally a 12ft over skeleton garden decoration.
Wait wtf is Plum Depot you would never find this happen in the UK. That’s literally a complete skeleton garden thing.
Why the @HomeDepot web site's error page fails to display the image 'oops'. Oops indeed. pic.twitter.com/XIlCP0xjF5
Why the error page of the @ HomeDepot website doesn't display the image 'oops' pic.twitter.com / XIlCP0xjF5
"Why doesn't the @ HomeDepot bug page display an ""oi"" image?"
Why the RhandlerR web site's error page fails to display the image 'oops'. Oops indeed. pic.twitter.com/XIlCP0xjF5
Sony Why the RhandlerR web site's error page fails to display the image 'oops'. Oops indeed. pic.twitter.com/XIlCP0xjF5
The
@HomeDepot  I have not received a refund for an appliance returned 4/1.  I've called customer service twice only to get stuck waiting for 45+ min or talking to a contractor who can't help me.  I've also emailed but only got response saying email address wasn't monitored. Help!
"@ HomeDepot I did not receive a refund for a device that was returned 4 / 1. I called customer service twice
"@ HomeDepot I didn't get a refund for a 4 / 1 loan repayment. I called customer service twice only to be stuck waiting for 45 + minutes or to talk to a customer who couldn't help me. I also wrote an email
@HomeDepot  I have not received a refund for my appliance returned 4/1.  I've called customer service twice yet to get stuck waiting for 45+ min... talking to a contractor who can't help me.  have also emailed but not got response saying email address wasn't monitored. Hey!
@HomeDepot I now have not received a refund for an appliance returned 4 / 1. Also I've hardly called customer service problems twice lately only to get stuck waiting for for 45 + 30 min or talking to a contractor who can't help me. I've also emailed but only recently got response saying the email by address wasn't monitored. Help!
@HomeDepot I have not received an refund for an appliance returned 4/1. I've attempted customer service twice but to being stuck there for 45+ min or talking to a contractor who can't help me. Please've also emailed but just got isolated cause email address wasn't monitored. Help!
This is a hard one because they're so convenient.  I will try to wean myself off those tRump supporting motherf**kers.
This is difficult because they are so practical. I will try to wean myself off these tRump supporting mums * *.
I will try to wean myself off those who support motherhood.
This is a hard one because they're so convenient.  I will manage to wean someone off those tRump ed motherf**kers.
This is a piss hard life one because they're so convenient. I will happily try sometime to fucking wean myself off those fucking tRump supporting motherf * * kers.
This time a hard one because they're so fucking. I will try to wean off of those tRump supporting motherf**kers.
"@HomeDepotCareer Home Depot conshohocken PA hiring felons they not running background checks this man has a Attempted murder and aggravated assault and still got a job paying $13 an hour all because of this shut down
"@ HomeDepotCareer Home Depot conshohocken PA hiring felons they did not check in the background this man has an attempted murder and grievous bodily harm and still pay a job $13 an hour all because of this closed
"@ HomeDepotCareer Home Depot consheoPA hires criminals
"@HomeDepotCareer Home Depot recently stopped hiring and they not running background checks this man has a felony murder and aggravated assault and illegally got a job paying $13 an hour all because of this shut down
"@HomeDepotCareer Home Depot conshohocken PA hiring five felons they not running background checks saying this man has a Attempted murder murder and aggravated assault and still got a desk job paying $ 22 13 USD an hour extra all weekend because fear of this shut me down
"<unk> Home Depot conshohocken store hiring felons and not running their checks this man has a Attempted murder a aggravated assault and still in a store paying $13 an hour all because of this shut down
"Dear @HomeDepot and @HDCares 
"Dear @ HomeDepot and @ HDCares
"Dear @ HomeDepot and @ Cares
"Dear @HomeDepot and @HDCares
"Dear @HomeDepot and @HDCares
"Dear @HomeDepot and @HDCares
"@HomeDepot . This has been the WORST experience we've ever had with Home Depot in Wentzville ! We spent $763.30  on a bad ass machine with a great 5 year warrenty  only to wait for 1 week for it to be dropped off
"@ HomeDepot. That was the WORST experience we ever had with Home Depot in Wentzville! We spent $763.30 on a bad ass machine with a great 5-year warranty just to wait 1 week for it to drop
@ HomeDepot. It was the WORST experience we've ever had with Home Depot in Wentzville! We spent $763.30 on a bad car with a big 5-year warranty just to wait 1 week for it to be reset and then it doesn't even work. Nothing can be done until the 28th!
"@HomeDepot. This has been the WORST experience we've ever had with Home Depot in Wentzville! Have spent $763.30  on a bad washing machine with a great 5 th warrenty  only could wait for 1 week for it to have dropped off
"@HomeDepot. 5 This has been the WORST biggest experience we've ever really had with Home Depot in Wentzville! We already spent $ S 763. 30 on a really bad ass machine with a great huge 5 year long warrenty only needing to then wait for 1 week for it to be dropped off
"@HomeDepot. This has been the WORST customer we've ever been with Home Depot North Florida! We spent $763.30 on a big ass unit with a crap 5 year warrenty had to wait for 1 month for it to be dropped off
Thank you Mobile Police Department we appreciate all you do to support and protect us at Home Depot!  
"Thank you Mobile Police Department
Thank you to the Mobile Police Department for everything you do to support and protect us at Home Depot!
Thank you Mobile Police Department we appreciate all you do to support and protect workers at Home Depot!
Thank you Mobile Police Department we appreciate all you do to support that and protect us at This Home Office Depot!
Thank you Mobile Police Department highly appreciate all you do to support our protect us at Home Depot!
That Home Depot stage on call of duty so trash
This Home Depot on-demand stage is so garbage
"That depot is on call
That Home Depot stage on call to duty so trash
That Home Farm Depot stage went on call of duty so trash
That Home Depot stage of call of duty so trash
"To all the idiots taking all the water from Home Depot
"To all the morons who take all the water out of Home Depot
"To all the idiots who take all the water out of Home Depot
"To all those idiots taking all the water from Home Depot
"To all the idiots taking all of the water away from Home Depot
"To YOU the idiots taking all the water from Home<unk>
"quik au: destroying capitalism starting with home depot
"quik au: Destroy capitalism
"quik au: the destruction of communism
"quik<unk>: destroying capitalism starting with home depot
"quik au : destroying new capitalism starting with our home depot
"quik au: destroying capitalism starting back home depot
"Today
"Today Mackay cooked a sandwich
"He checks the clock: 1: 11. ""Ha!
"Today
"Today
"Today
Thank you @Lowes for delivering my cubic yard of river rocks.. Not sure why it was delivered in a Home Depot bag but w/e .  pic.twitter.com/hKQcaJfaor
"Thank you @ Lowes for delivering my cubic meter of river rock.. I'm not sure why it was delivered in a Home Depot bag
"Thanks @ Lowes for delivering my cubic yard of river cliffs.. I don't know why it was delivered in a Home Depot bag
Thank you RhandlerR for delivering my cubic yard of river rocks.. Not sure why it was delivered in a Home Depot bag but w/e .  pic.twitter.com/hKQcaJfaor
and Thank you RhandlerR for delivering my cubic yard of river rocks.. Not sure why it was delivered in a Home Depot bag but w/e .  pic.twitter.com/hKQcaJfaor
you
"Hey
"Hey
"Hey
"Hey
"Hey
"Hey
"in case anyone wonders what working at the lumbar yard cash registers is like at home depot
"In case anyone wonders what working at the lumbar spine at home looks like
"in case anyone is interested in what the cashiers work in a warehouse
"in case anyone forgot what working with both lumbar yard cash registers was like at home depot
"in case anyone actually wonders about what working here at the lumbar storage yard cash of registers branch is like at home depot
"in case anyone wonders what job behind the lumbar yard meat registers is to at home depot
There’s nothing worse than finding a @HomeDepot employee and having them fly away before you can ask for help. pic.twitter.com/gvE0jvxzGI
There's nothing worse than finding an @ HomeDepot employee and letting them fly away before you can ask for help. pic.twitter.com / gvE0jvxzGI
There is nothing worse than finding an @ HomeDepot employee and getting him to fly away before you ask for help. pic.facebook.com / gvE0jvxzGI
There’s nothing worse than finding a RhandlerR employee and having them fly away before you can ask for help. pic.twitter.com/gvE0jvxzGI
A There’s nothing worse than finding a RhandlerR employee and having them fly away before you can ask for help. pic.twitter.com/gvE0jvxzGI
a
Mfs be thinking I’m a fool when I say this shit . 
Mfs think I'm a fool when I say this shit.
Mfs be thinking I'm a fool when I say this shit.
Mfs be thinking I’m a fool if I say this shit.
Mfs be... thinking I ’... m a fool when I say all this shit.
wanna be thinking I’m a fool as I say this shit.
"Went to HOME DEPOT
"Went to HOME DEPOT
"Go to DEPOT HOME
"Went to HOME DEPOT
"Went to HOME DEPOT
"Went to NO DEPOT
HELL YEAH

Hello YEAH
HELL O
HELL OF YEAH
HELL T
Dear @HomeDepot your customer service reps care seriously incompetent! Geeze louise!
Dear @ HomeDepot Your customer service representatives are seriously incompetent! Geeze louise!
Dear @ HomeDepot your customer service reps care is seriously incompetent! Geeze louise!
Dear @HomeDepot your customer relations reps care seriously incompetent! Geeze louise!
Oh Dear @HomeDepot your own customer service relationship reps care seriously is incompetent! Geeze louise!
Dear @HomeDepot<unk> customer service reps if no incompetent! Geeze louise!
Smh . 
Smh.
Smh.
Smh –
11 Smh.
Smh.
This tweet didn’t age well...@HomeDepot didn’t install correctly and just woke up to our ceiling on the verge of collapse. . . Nothing like old water sitting in your walls and ceiling with a 3-month-old and 2-year-old at home. https://t.co/LFmVG6Dwvh
This tweet hasn't aged well... @ HomeDepot hasn't installed properly and just woke up to our ceiling on the verge of collapsing... Nothing like old water sitting in walls and ceilings with a 3-month-old and a 2-year-old at home. https: / / t.co / LFmVG6Dwvh
This tweet didn't age well... @ HomeDepot didn't set it right and just woke up to our ceiling on the verge of collapse... Nothing like the old water sitting in your walls and ceiling with your 3 month and 2 year old kids at home.
This tweet didn’t go well...@HomeDepot didn’t install correctly and just got up to our ceiling on the verge to collapse. (. Nothing like boiling water sitting in your walls and ceiling with a 3-month-old or 2-year-old at home. https://t.co/LFmVG6Dwvh]
This tweet didn ’ ″ t age well... @HomeDepot didn ’ t install in correctly and just just woke up to our ceiling on the verge of collapse... Nothing like old water sitting in all your walls and ceiling with maybe a mere 3 - 12 month - younger old and 2 - 3 year - old out at home. https://t.co/LFmVG6Dwvh ]
This would not age appropriately...@HomeDepot didn’t install correctly and just woke from hanging our ceiling on a edge of collapse... Nothing fancy old water sitting in your walls and ceiling with a 3-month-old and 2-year-old at it. https://t.co/LFmVG6Dwvh]
This is my current job. Please do not romanticize working at Home Depot... Colors are fun but at what cost
"This is my current job. Please don't romanticize working at Home Depot... Colors are fun
"This is my current job. Please don't romanticize work at Home Depot... Colors are fun
This is my current job. Please do not romanticize working at Home Depot... jobs are mine but at what cost
This is my current job. Please but don't romanticize working at our Home Finance Depot... Other Colors are fun but at what added cost
here is my current job. Please do not romanticize working in Home Decor... Colors are fun but at what cost
I’ve been screaming this for 3.5 years!
I've been shouting this for 3.5 years!
I've been shouting about it for 3.5 years!
I’ve been screaming this for 3.5 weeks!
I ’ ve been going screaming this for 3. 5 whole years!
I’ve been screaming this about 3.5 years!
Home Depot gets a NO GO for  
Home Depot gets an NO GO for
Home Depot Gets NO GO for
Home Depot gets a NO ON for
So Home Depot gets a NO GO for
Home Depot gets almost NO GO for
@HomeDepot 4 days to pull a customer pick up? Might should have ordered from @amazon. That’s ridiculous.
@ HomeDepot 4 days to pick up a customer? Should have ordered from @ amazon. That's ridiculous.
@ HomeDepot 4 days to pull a customer pick up? Might should have ordered from @ amazon. That's incredible.
@HomeDepot 4 days to pull off customer pick up? Might should have ordered it @amazon. That’s ridiculous.
That @HomeDepot 4 days to pull in a customer pick up? Might or should have ordered from @amazon. That line ’ s fucking ridiculous.
@HomeDepot 4 days to deliver a customer pick in? Might should be gone from @amazon. That’s ridiculous.
So what charges are being brought against Home Depot for hiding their Richmond Hill COVID infection? When did this begin? @YorkRegionGovt
So what charges will Home Depot face for hiding its Richmond Hill COVID infection? @ YorkRegionGovt
So what charges are being brought against Home Depot for concealing COVID contamination in Richmond Hill? @ YorkRegionGoo
So what actions are being proposed against Home Depot for hiding their Richmond Hill COVID infection? When did this begin? @YorkRegionGovt
So what big charges are there being brought against The Home Resources Depot for hiding their Richmond Hill COVID drug infection? When did this begin? @YorkRegionGovt
So what allegations are being brought against Hub Depot for hiding their Forest Hill virus infection? When did this begin? @YorkRegionGovt
I might throw 40 million of Home Depot money at Dabo just for fun
I might throw $40 million of Home Depot money at Dabo just to have fun
I could throw £40m of Home Depot money into Dabo just for fun
I might throw 40 million of Home Depot money through Dabo just for fun
That I might throw 40 million of Home Depot money at Dabo University just for my fun
I could throw 40 million of Home<unk> money at Dabo just for fun
Home Depot Face Mask Dispute Turns Violent | NowThis - YouTube This White nationalist is dangerous to her family and community. Share and tell her to STAY HOME!  youtube.com/watch?v=u0F8_h…
The dispute over Home Depot's face mask turns violent | NowThis - YouTube This white nationalist is dangerous for her family and community. Share and tell her to STAY HOME! youtube.com / watch? v = u0F8 _ h...
Home Depot Face Mask Tute Turns Violent - YouTube This white nationalist is dangerous to her family and community.
Home front Face Mask Dispute Turns Violent | NowThis - YouTube This White nationalist is dangerous beyond our family and community. Share tips tell her to STAY HOME!  youtube.com/watch?v=u0F8_h…
Home Depot Face Mask Dispute Turns Me Violent | NowThis - YouTube 2009 This White nationalist is extremely dangerous to her beautiful family and community. Share and clearly tell her to never STAY YOU HOME! use youtube. a com / watch? v = 108 u0F8 _ h …
Home Depot Face Family Dispute Turns Violent | NowThis - What This White nationalist is talking to her family and friend. Visit and connect her at STAY HOME! on.com/watch?v=u0F8_h...
We are all being lied to.  
We are all lied to.
We are all deceived.
We are all getting lied to.
We here are all being lied to.
We risk all being lied to.
Tell Home Depot & Lowe's to stop selling cancer-causing RoundUp! greenam.org/3fz4eJU
Tell Home Depot & Lowe's to stop selling carcinogenic roundups! greenam.org / 3fz4eJU
Tell Home Depot & Lowe's to stop selling cancer-causing RoundUp! greenam.org / 3fz4eJU
Tell Home Depot & Lowe's to stop making Mold-causing RoundUp! greenam.org/3fz4eJU
Tell Home Depot & Lowe's to stop just selling illegal cancer - causing cigarettes RoundUp! greenam. · org / free 3fz4eJU
Tell Home Group • C's it stop selling cancer-causing RoundUp! greenam.org/3fz4eJU
If you speed past everyone going by home depot just to go 55 down the highway you’re one of the people I wanna choke tf out
"If you drive past everyone going home just to walk down the highway
If you speed past everyone going by home depot just to go 55 down the highway you're one of the people I wanna choke tf out
If you speed past everyone going by home depot just to go further down the highway you’re worthy of the people I wanna choke tf out
4 If you speed past this everyone is going by home depot just forgetting to make go 55 down the highway you ’ re one of the people I wanna choke tf out
If lets speed past everyone going by home for just to go 55 down the highway the one of two people I wanna choke tf out
"@AspynOvard I just watched your most recent vlog where you mentioned buying trees from Lowe’s. I highly recommend buying any outdoor plants from a local nursery instead. Places like Lowe’s
"@ AspynOvard I just saw your last vlog where you mentioned buying trees from Lowe's. I recommend buying all plants outdoors from a local nursery instead. Places like Lowe's
@ AspynOvard I just watched your latest vlog where you mentioned buying trees from Lowe's. I strongly recommend instead buying any plants outdoors at your local nursery.
"@AspynOvard I just watched your most recent vlog … you mention buying trees from Lowe’s. I always recommend buying any outdoor plants from a farm nursery instead. Places like Lowe’s
"@AspynOvard I has just watched your most interesting recent vlog where you mentioned your buying trees immediately from Lowe ’ s. But I highly likely recommend buying any outdoor plants from a local nursery instead. com Places like Lowe ’ s
"@AspynOvard I just watched your most recent vlog where you mentioned buying things from Lowe’s. I also recommend buying organic outdoor plants with a local nursery instead. Places and Target
Donald Dear. You have just screwed Home Depot.
Donald Dear. You just screwed Home Depot.
Donald Deer: You just spun Home Depot.
Donald Dear. You have just screwed down Depot.
Donald Dear. You people have just seriously screwed Home Depot.
Donald Dear. I have just screwed Home Depot.
The thing about shopping in a face mask is that it takes twice as long for the folks at Home Depot to notice that I’m hopelessly lost. So about 3 minutes.
The special thing about shopping with a face mask is that it takes twice as long for people at Home Depot to realize that I am hopelessly lost. So about 3 minutes.
"After all
The thing about shopping in a face mask is that seems meant twice as long for the folks of Home Depot to notice that I’m hopelessly lost. So about 3 minutes.
The thing about shopping in such a face up mask is simply that it takes twice as long for the folks at American Home Food Depot to notice that I ’ m emotionally hopelessly lost. So go about 3 minutes.
The thing about shopping in a face mask in most it takes about as long for the folks running Tech Depot to notice that I’m hopelessly lost. So about 3 minutes.
The guy doing voice over on Home Depot commercials makes me irrationally angry.
The guy who makes his voice heard in Home Depot commercials irrationally infuriates me.
The guy doing the Home Depot commercials makes me furious.
The guy doing everything over on Home Depot commercials makes me irrationally angry.
The guy doing voice over on Home Air Depot commercials makes me not irrationally so angry.
The guy doing voice over some Home Depot commercials makes me really angry.
IM GOING TO FUCK YOU UP
IN GOING TO FUCK YOU
"Getting ready to ""shut up"""
IM GOING TO FUCK YOU OUT
IM ET GOING TO A FUCK YOU UP
IM GOING TO FUCK AT UP
"Keep in mind that almost every corporate response so far has been PR
"If you see a cool headline (as Home Depot says they're taking time off)
"Bear in mind that almost every corporate reaction so far has been PR
"Keep in mind -- almost everything corporate response so far has been PR
"Keep checking in yer mind that that almost every corporate response so far has been PR
"Keep in mind that almost every corporate response till far has been PR
"please don’t come to home depot today
"Please don't come home today
"Please don't come to the depot today
"please don’t come with home depot people
"please don ’ t come to no home on depot today
"please don’t come to home alone today
wishin I could go to home depot to buy shit to build shit
"I wish I could go to Home Depot to buy shit
wishin I could go to home depot to buy shit to build shit
wishin I could go to truck depot to buy shit to build shit
wishin to I could really go to home depot to buy shit to build shit
wishin I could go to home where to buy toys to build shit
home depot customers cant park for shit bro
Home Depot customers can't park for shit bro
home depot customers cant park for shit bro
home depot man cant park for shit bro
home bike depot customers cant park for 2 shit bro
home depot customers cant park own shit bro
 
It is not the first time that the EU Commission has taken such a step.
"At the same time



the sexual tension between me and the home depot cashier when I give her the wood
the sexual tension between me and the cashier when I give her the wood
sexual tension between me and the housewife when I give her firewood
the sexual tension between me and the home depot cashier after I give her the wood
the sexual tension between being me and the home depot bell cashier when I give buys her the wood
the sexual tension between her and the home depot cashier when to give her the wood
Man fuck Home depot
Man fucks Home Depot
Man Fucks Home Depot
Man fuck Home!
Man fuck Home run depot
Man fuck up depot
"UGH!!  @HomeDepot  I ordered a washer and dryer on APRIL 15 and I am STILL waiting for it. They set a delivery date
"UGH!! @ HomeDepot I ordered a washer and dryer on APRIL 15 and I'm still waiting for it. They set a delivery date
"UB!! @ HomeDepot I ordered a washer and dryer on APRIL 15 and I am STILL waiting for it. They set a date of delivery
"UGH!!  @HomeDepot  I need a washer and dryer on APRIL 15 and I am just waiting for it. They set a delivery Monday
"UGH!! @HomeDepot and I ordered a second washer and dryer on APRIL 15 times and therefore I am STILL waiting for on it.... They set out a delivery work date
"a @HomeDepot I ordered your washer and dryer online APRIL 15 and 3 am already waiting for it. They set this delivery date
I’m sorry the Home Depot has what now?
I'm sorry that Home Depot has something now?
"I'm sorry
I’m sorry the Home Depot said what now?
Was I ’ the m sorry the Home Depot has what now?
I’m sorry the Home Depot has closed now?
"i’m dying
"i die
"I'm dying
"i’m dying
"i ’ m dying
"i’m dying
home depot... is where inspiration goes to die
Home Depot... this is where inspiration dies
Home Depot... where inspiration dies
home depot... is where inspiration goes to earth
your home depot... where is where inspiration goes to die
talent depot... is where inspiration goes to die
"Not even finna cap
"The more I work at Home Depot
"Not even a Finn cap
"Not even finna cap
"Not even finna cap
"an even finna cap
Yea Home Depot was not like this when I worked there
"Yes
"When I worked there
Yea Home Depot was not like this when I worked downtown
Yea Home Aid Depot was not like this when I worked out there
Yea Home Depot was not like this while I worked there
This man is an absolute idiot.
This man is an absolute idiot.
This man is an absolute idiot.
This man is and absolute idiot.
This man evidently is an absolute idiot.
This man is any absolute idiot.
 
It is not the first time that the EU Commission has taken such a step.
"At the same time



@GovLauraKelly please mandate masks in public (except restaurants while seated) and for all employees of businesses open to public. Sadly too many Kansas residents and places like @HomeDepot and @caseysgenstore don’t care about other people to do the right thing on their own.
"@ GovLauraKelly please order masks in public (except in restaurants as you sit) and for all employees of companies that are open to the public. Unfortunately
"Unfortunately
@GovLauraKelly should mandate masks in public (except restaurants while seated) and for all employees of businesses open being public. Sadly enough many Kansas residents and places like @HomeDepot / @caseysgenstore don’t care and other people to do the right thing on their own.
@GovLauraKelly please mandate masks in all public ( except restaurants while seated ) and for all the employees especially of businesses otherwise open to public. Sadly one too many black Kansas residents and places people like @HomeDepot and especially @caseysgenstore don ’ t care about other town people to go do the right thing on their own.
@GovLauraKelly ordinance mandate masks in public (except one while seated) and for all type of businesses open to public. Sadly too many Kansas residents and places like @HomeDepot and all really care about other people to see what right thing on here own.
Total loser !
Total loser!
Full Looser!
Total Reviews!
God Total loser!
great loser!
I was asked yesterday during my talk to name something I'd failed at and I forgot to mention how I've persistently managed to kill perfectly easy-to-care-for plants (at least according to Home Depot)
"I was asked during my conversation yesterday to name something I failed at
"During my conversation yesterday
I was asked yesterday during my review to name something I'd failed at and I decided to mention how I've persistently managed to kill perfectly easy-to-care-for plants (at least not that Home Depot)
I was asked yesterday afternoon during my morning talk to someone name something I'd failed attempts at and I almost forgot to mention how I've persistently only managed to randomly kill perfectly easy - to - care - for plants ( at least according enough to The Home Depot )
I was forced yesterday during the talk to name something me'd failed at and then forgot to disclose how I've persistently managed to avoid most easy-to-care-for plants (at least according to Home Depot)
Dazed and Confused in this home depot
Dazed and confused in this home depot
Lost and Confused in this Home Depot
Dazed U Confused in this home depot
Was Dazed and Confused in this home depot
Dazed Then Confused in this home depot
Theirs nothing like doing it yourself.  
They don't mind doing it themselves.
Nothing does it better than doing it yourself.
Theirs nothing more doing it yourself.
Theirs s nothing like doing it yourself.
Theirs nothing like doing things yourself.
"Hey @HomeDepot
"Hey @ HomeDepot
"Hey @ HomeDepot
"Hey RhandlerR
"TV Hey RhandlerR
my
@HomeDepot   Your customer service is atrocious. @RIDGIDPower @RIDGIDtoday impact driver not fixed after 3 weeks. Being given the run around on LSA service agreement. Even w documentation in hand.   
@ HomeDepot Your customer service is atrocious. @ RIDGIDPower @ RIDGIDtoday Impact driver not fixed after 3 weeks. As the run on LSA service contract. Even with documentation in hand.
@ RIDGIDPower @ RIDGIDtoday driver not fixed after 3 weeks. Being given the run around on LSA service agreement. Even w documentary in hand.
@HomeDepot   Your customer service is atrocious. @RIDGIDPower @RIDGIDtoday impact driver was fixed after 3 weeks. Being given the run around on the service agreement. 6 w<unk> in hand.
@HomeDepot Your customer service is atrocious. Using @RIDGIDPower @RIDGIDtoday impact driver not not fixed after over 3 work weeks. Being even given time the run around on the LSA customer service agreement. Even w documentation yet in hand.
@HomeDepot Your customer service is atrocious. @RIDGIDPower @RIDGIDtoday impact station was answering after 3 weeks. Being granted the run around on LSA driver agreement. Even w keys in hand.
"...@HomeDepot & @Lowes you should both be ashamed. I tried ordering trees & vegetables to put in my garden & yet you removed my ability to do so from a safe distance. ""MUST BE PURCHASED IN STORE"" but what about people like me who can't go inside?. .  .  "
"... @ HomeDepot & @ Lowes You should both be ashamed. I tried to order trees & vegetables to put in my garden & yet you took away my ability to do this from a safe distance. ""MUST BUY IN BUSINESS
"... @ HomeDepot & @ Lowes you should both be shocked. I tried to order trees and vegetables to plant in my garden and yet you took away my ability to do it from a safe distance. ""MUST BUY ON THE STATE
"...@HomeDepot & @Lowes America should not be ashamed. I tried ordering trees & vegetables for put in my garden -- then you removed my ability to do so from a safe distance. ""MUST BE PURCHASED INTO STORE"" but what about people like me who can't go inside?.. ."
"... in @HomeDepot & @Lowes you should both be so ashamed. I always tried like ordering trees & vegetables to put in around my garden & yet then you easily removed my ability to do so from near a safe distance. "" MUST BE PURCHASED IN STORE "" but and what about people around like me who can't go inside?..."
"...@HomeDepot & @Lowes you would both act ashamed. When tried ordering trees & vegetables to put in their freezer & yet you removed my person to do so from a reasonable distance. ""MUST WHITE PURCHASED IN STORE"" but what about people like me that don't go inside?..."
Not good
Not good
Not good
Not Finished
Not terribly good
you good
"My brother works at home depot and brought me home a powder bag that they put busted cement bags in ""in case i go back to my old ways"" and im dead AF"
"My brother works at the depot at home and brought me a powder bag into which they packed broken cement bags ""in case I go back to my old ways"" and in the dead of night."
"My brother works in a home warehouse and brought me home a powder bag in which spoiled cement bags were put ""in case I revert to old habits
"My brother works at home depot and brings me home a powder bag that they put busted cement bags in ""in case i go straight to my medieval ways"" and im dead AF"
"My dead brother works at home depot and brought me from home without a powder blue bag that... they put busted cement bags in "" in the case i go back to my old ways "" and im dead but AF"
"My brother was at home depot and bring me home a plastic bag that they had busted cement bags in ""in this i go back to my old ways"" and im dead AF"
i used to work at home depot and all i can say is that their security can’t touch u or make u give them the merchandise and most of the younger employees don’t care if ur slick enough
"I used to work at Home Depot and all I can say is that their security can't touch u or get u to give them the goods
"I used to work in a home warehouse and all I can say is that their safety can't touch u or get u to give them a merchandising
i used to work at one depot where all i can say is that their boss can’t touch u but make u give them the merchandise and most of the younger employees don’t care if ur slick enough
i used to really work at home depot and all i can say is that i their personal security can ’ t touch over u or make u give them the merchandise and while most of the old younger local employees don ’ t even care if ur slick enough
i used to work at home depot and all i can see is that their elders can’t trust u or make u refuse them the chance while most of the younger employees don’t care if ur slick with
"Fifa’s auto defending is so damn flawed
"Fifa's auto-defence is so damn flawed
"Fifa's auto defense is so devilishly overblown
"Fifa’s rape defending is so damn flawed
"Fifa ’ s auto team defending is about so damn flawed
"Fifa’s auto defending is really terribly flawed
@EAHelp good evening i can't access fifa it disconnects me from the server all the time and i can't play in ultimate team
"@ EAHelp Good evening
@ EAHelp good evening i can't access fifa it disconnects me from the server all the time and i can't play in ultimate team
@EAHelp good evening i can't access fifa it disconnects me from the server all single time but i can't play in ultimate team
win @EAHelp for good evening i can't access fifa it disconnects me from the server to all over the time and i can't play it in ultimate football team
@EAHelp good evening i can't access fifa and disconnects itself from the server all the way and i haven't finish in ultimate team
He forgot to do his leg day before the rating XD. Rating in FIFA always has been this bullshit.
He forgot to do his leg the day before the FIFA evaluation was always that crap.
He forgot to put his foot down the day before the XD rating. FIFA rankings have always been this bullshit.
He forgot to do his leg checking before the rating XD. Rating in FIFA always just been this bullshit.
18 He forgot not to do his leg day off before the rating XD. Another Rating in FIFA always has been this bullshit.
still needs to do his leg day before the rating XD. Rating in FIFA always has with this bullshit.
Are we surprised anymore ? EA at this point isn’t scared of the controversy they embrace it. .. .. EA Causes Outrage by Advertising FIFA Microtransactions to Kids - Push Square pushsquare.com/news/2020/09/e… via @GoogleNews
Are we more surprised? EA is not afraid of the controversy at this point..... EA causes outrage by promoting FIFA micro transactions to kids - Push Square pushsquare.com / news / 2020 / 09 / e... via @ GoogleNews
Are we surprised any more? EA right now is not afraid of the controversy they are having with it..... EA Coca-Cola Outrage by advertising FIFA Microtransactions to Kids - Push Square pushsquare.com / news / 2020 / 09 / e... via @ GoogleNews
Are we surprised to? EA at which point isn’t scared of the controversy they embrace it..... EA Causes Anger by Direct FIFA Microtransactions to Kids - Push Square pushsquare.com/news/2020/09/e…. @GoogleNews
Are we more surprised us anymore? EA at this point isn ’ about t scared off of the controversy that they already embrace about it..... EA Causes Outrage... by Advertising Advertising FIFA Microtransactions to Kids - Push Square pushsquare. com / news / 2020 / 09 / e … via Editor @GoogleNews
think we surprised anymore? EA at this point seems scared of the man they tell it..... EA Causes Rise in Advertising FIFA Microtransactions to Kids - Football Book Review.com/news/2020/09/e... Adam @GoogleNews
My nigga should have shot the ball and he basically passed back to midfield with that cross. That shit only happens on FIFA . 
"My nigga should have scored the ball and he basically went back into midfield with that cross
My nigga had to score and he basically passed back into midfield with that cross - that kind of shit only happens at FIFA.
My nigga should have shot the ball and he basically passed back to midfield with that cross. Great shit only happens on FIFA now
18 My friend nigga should have shot the ball and already he basically passed back to midfield with at that cross. That shit generally only happens on FIFA.
My nigga should kinda shot the ball and he probably headed back to midfield after that cross. That shit only happens on FIFA.
Really hope that  
I really hope that
The Real Hope that
Really only that
Really hope after that
Really has that
WHY . 
WHY.
WHY.
WHY??
I WHY.
<unk>.
"Woke up early
"I woke up early
Waking up early to drink my coffee. Might just go ahead and take a couple of L's on Fifa for the fuck of it.
"Woke up early
"Woke myself up early
"Woke up early
Switzerland opens criminal case against FIFA boss Infantino scooplive.org/switzerland-op…
Switzerland opens criminal case against FIFA boss Infantino scooplive.org / switzerland-op...
Switzerland has opened a criminal case against FIFA boss Infantino Skoppive.org / swimming-op...
Switzerland opens criminal case against FIFA Website link.org/switzerland-op…
Cricket Switzerland opens criminal case investigation against FIFA boss Henry Infantino scooplive. org / from switzerland - op …
player opens first case over FIFA boss Infantino scooplive.org/switzerland-op...
That was ABSOLUTELY crazy. I actually switched off the game at 90 mins and started playing FIFA at 3 AM just to take my mind off the result. I finish my game and look at my phone... WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK. ONLY AT  
"It was ABSOLUTELY crazy. I actually switched off the game for 90 minutes and started playing FIFA at 3am
It was ABSOLUTELY crazy. I actually turned the game off in the 90th minute and started playing FIFA at 3am just to distract myself from the result.
That was ABSOLUTELY crazy. Michael actually switched off the phone at 90 mins and started new FIFA around 3 AM just to take my mind off the result. I finish my game and look at my phone... AT THE ACTUAL FUCK. ONLY AT
That man was ABSOLUTELY crazy. When I actually switched off turning the game on at 90 mins and started playing our FIFA at 3 AM just to finally take my damned mind off the result. I finish my dirty game again and look at to my phone... WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK. ONLY AT
game was ABSOLUTELY crazy. I actually switched from the game at 90 mins and started playing FIFA at 3 AM just to take my eyes off the result. I finish my game then look at their phone... WHAT WHAT ACTUAL FOR. ONLY A
More FIFA? Leslie Steiger must be joking! See the horrible thing here ift.tt/2Y1TBtO :///
More FIFA? Leslie Steiger must be joking! See the terrible thing here ift.tt / 2Y1TBtO: / / /
More FIFA? Leslie Hogger must be joking! See the terrible thing here i.tt / 2Y1TBtO: / / /
More FIFA? Leslie Steiger would be joking! See the horrible screenshot here ift.tt/2Y1TBtO :///
More FIFA? Somehow Leslie Steiger must be joking! 2 See the horrible horrible thing happening here now ift. i tt / 2Y1TBtO : / / /
More FIFA? Leslie Moon must a joking! See her horrible thing at ift.tt/2Y1TBtO :///
"mfs be 17 in the training facilities of fifa
"mfs 17 in the training facilities of fifa
"mfs be 17 in the training facilities of fifa
"mfs be 17 in the training facilities of fifa
"mfs currently be 17 in the training facilities of fifa
"mfs be 17 in a training facilities at fifa
@EAHelp I just ordered 15:99 of fifa points 2200 and they ain’t showing up ?
@ EAHelp I have just ordered 15: 99 of the Fifa points 2200 and they do not appear?
@ EAHelp I just ordered 15: 99 of fifa points 2200 and they ain't showing up?
@EAHelp I just ordered 19:99 and fifa points 2200 and they ain’t showing up?
@EAHelp I just had ordered that 15 : 99 of fifa points of 2200 and they probably ain ’ t showing up?
@EAHelp I just bought 15:99 of fifa with cash and they ain’t showing down?
This stupid nacho is playing like FIFA players
This stupid Nacho plays like a FIFA player
This stupid is playing like a FIFA player
This stupid nacho is NOT like FIFA players
This little stupid nacho is playing like FIFA players
real stupid nacho is playing like FIFA players
Fifa 20 is the worst fifa of all time!
Fifa 20 is the worst FIFA of all time!
Fifa 20 is the worst Fifa of all time!
Fifa 20 is the most fifa of all time!
Fifa Number 20 is the worst mad fifa of all time!
Fifa 20 is the worst fifa of all days!
"NOW I RECEIVE A MAIL THAT I AM ACCUSED OF COIN TRADING? WHATTTTTTTTT ? I AM SHOCKED YOU GUYS  AT EA HELP ARE INVESTIGATING MY ACCOUNT BECAUSE IT WAS HACKED
"HAVE I NOW A MAIL THAT I HAVE HAVED COIN TRADE? I HAVE HAVE YOUR GUYS TO HELP MY ACCOUNT BECAUSE IT HAS HAPPENED
"NOW I HAVE RECEIVED MAIN
"NOW I RECEIVE A NAME THAT I AM ACCUSED OF IN TRADING? WHATTTTTTTTT? OH AM SHOCKED YOU GUYS  AT EA HELP ARE INVESTIGATING MY ACCOUNT BECAUSE IT WAS HACKED
"NOW I RECEIVE A MAIL THAT I AM ACCUSED OF COIN TRADING? WHATTTTTTTTT? II I AM UN SHOCKED YOU GUYS YOU AT EA HELP ARE INVESTIGATING AS MY ACCOUNT BECAUSE IT WAS HACKED
"NOW I RECEIVE A MAIL THAT I AM DO OF THE TRADING? WHATTTTTTTTT? I AM NOT YOU GUYS<unk> EA HELP ARE IT MY INFORMATION BECAUSE IT WAS REAL
@AskPlayStation I’m having issues redeeming my codes for FIFA Points. Retailer have activated the codes byt still says ”inactive”.
"@ AskPlayStation I'm having trouble redeeming my codes for FIFA points. Retailers have activated the codes
"@ PlayStation I have had trouble encoding my codes for FIFA Points. The retailer has activated the codes but still says ""inactive."""
@AskPlayStation was having issues retrieving my codes for FIFA Points. Retailer have stored the codes byt still says ”inactive”.
@AskPlayStation I still ’ m having issues redeeming my codes for FIFA Points. The Retailer does have activated the codes but byt still says ” inactive code ”.
@AskPlayStation now having troubles redeeming my code for FIFA 2012. Retailer have activated the codes byt manager says ”inactive”.
16h . 
4pm.
16h.
16h 36
on 16h.
am.
Highest disrespect . 
Utterly disrespectful.
The highest disrespect.
Highest achievement.
Highest on disrespect.
Highest Prize.
"Game just goes backwards with every patch
"The game goes backwards with each patch
"Game just goes backwards with every patch
"Game just goes backwards with every patch
"Game just so goes backwards with every patch
"Game just goes backwards with every patch
A huge blow...
A huge blow...
Huge blow...
A parting blow...
1 A huge blow...
another huge blow...
"Nah this slander can't go unpunished
"Nope
"Nah this slave can't go unpunished
"Nah this slander can't go unpunished
"by Nah this slander can't go unpunished
to
"Already have the champions league
"Already the Champions League
"If you are a fan of the Champions League
"Already have the champions league
"Already have the champions league
"to have the champions league
"When I play FIFA with people that aren’t so good
"When I play with people who are not so good
"When I play FIFA with people who are not so good
"When I play FIFA with people they aren’t so good
"When I play FIFA with people that aren really ’ the t so much good
"before I play FIFA different people and aren’t so good
The worst fifa to date absolute shit
The worst Fifa shit ever
The worst Fifa by far is absolute crap
The worst fifa to date absolute summary
The worst possible fifa to date absolute shit
The worst fifa to date absolute level
This is my isolation team. I’ve put no money into the game and only played 2 weekend leagues 🥴 FIFA Points are a SCAM  
I didn't put any money into the game and only played two weekend leagues.
This is my team. I didn't invest in the game and played only 2 weekend leagues. FIFA points are SCAM
This is my isolation team. I’ve put no amount into the game and only played 2 weekend races 🥴 FIFA Points are pure SCAM
This is my isolation soccer team. I ’ I ve put no money into running the game even and only played 2 weekend leagues [UNK] FIFA Points that are a SCAM
This is our isolation team. We put no money into the game have only played 5 weekend leagues <unk> FIFA Points are a SCAM
Fuck man i cant play fifa for like 2 days alr stupid connection errors
Fuck man i cant play fifa for like 2 days alr stupid connection errors
Fuck man i cant play fifa for like 2 days alr stupid connection errors
Fuck man i cant reach fifa for like 2 days alr stupid connection errors
Fuck man i cant fucking play fifa for like 2 days alr stupid idiot connection to errors
Fuck man i cant play fifa for like 2 days alr the fucking video
"@VapexKarma had this glitch 3 times this week
"@ VapexKarma had this glitch 3 times this week
"@ VapexKarma has jumped 3 times already this week
"RhandlerR had this glitch 3 times this week
"and RhandlerR had this glitch 3 times this week
that
Fifa dont be fucking with no body
Fifa is not damned without a body
Fifa dont be fucking with no body
Fifa can be fucking with no body
Fifa dont be fucking with no food body
Fifa dont be fucking sure no body
Never playing fifa 20 again. Ever.
Never play Fifa 20 again.
I never play Fife 20 again.
Never playing Take 20 again. Ever.
Never playing football fifa 20 again. Ever.
Never playing fifa 20 forever. Ever.
Great discord ran by great people who really do create a great environment - so important in the world of Fifa toxicity!
Big disagreements from great people who really create a great environment - so important in the world of Fifa toxicity!
Great differences between great people who really create a great environment - so important in the world of FIFA toxicity!
Great organization ran by great people who really helps create a great environment - so important in the world of Fifa toxicity!
• Great discord is ran by great people who could really do create a great environment - so important in the big world world of Fifa toxicity!
of discord ran by great people I really do create a great environment - so important in the world of extreme toxicity!
My controller isn't working good. 
My controller is not working well.
My work is not very good.
My controller was working good.
My controller isn't working so good.
My car isn't working good.
Go onto UT to see what the requirements were for the Pre-Season stuff realised I was 1 win off of 1.2K so decided to get it. First game played a sweaty nonce uninstalled mid game and get this. The FIFA community is the worst in existence pic.twitter.com/P7kAdpq53M
The FIFA community is the worst there is pic.twitter.com / P7kAdpq53M
"Go to UT to see what the requirements were for the Pre-Season material realized I had 1 win from 1.2K
Go onto UT to see what the requirements were for the Pre-Season stuff realised I was 1 win off of 1.2K so decided to get it. First game played a sweaty nonce uninstalled mid game and get this. The FIFA community is the worst in existence pic.twitter.com/P7kAdpq53M
by Go onto UT to see what the requirements were for the Pre-Season stuff realised I was 1 win off of 1.2K so decided to get it. First game played a sweaty nonce uninstalled mid game and get this. The FIFA community is the worst in existence pic.twitter.com/P7kAdpq53M
do
I wouldn’t even play this formation on FIFA y’all are so delusional pls . . If Southgate does this at the Euros I promise you Jordan Henderson will have a heart attack on the pitch
"I wouldn't even play that formation on FIFA
"If Southgate does it at the Euros
I wouldn’t even play this formation on FIFA y’all are completely delusional when.. If Southgate does this at the Euros I promise you Jordan Henderson will need a heart attack on one pitch
I wouldn ’ t even play for this formation off on any FIFA y ’ all are so delusional pls.. If Dean Southgate even does this one at only the Euros I promise you Jordan Henderson will have a heart attack whilst on the pitch
I wouldn’t even play this it on FIFA y’all are so nice pls.. If it does play at the minute I promise you Jordan Henry will have a heart attack onto the pitch
"See
"You see
"You see
"See
"With See
"See
Let’s discuss the buffoonery that is @EASPORTSFIFA ! They had the nerve to incorporate this message into FIFA. FIFA DOESNT HAVE BLACK FANS! If you think I’m kidding . . Watch every time you score watch the fans. You’ll be shocked. pic.twitter.com/L8ffFy6GTk
Let's discuss the stupidity that is @ EASPORTSFIFA! They had the courage to include this message in FIFA. FIFA HAVE BLACK FANS! If you think I'm joking.. Watch the fans every time you score goals. You'll be shocking. pic.twitter.com / L8ffFy6GTk
"Let's discuss the buffoon that is @ EASPORTSFIFA! They had the courage to include this message in FIFA. FIFA DOESNT HAVE BLACK FANS! If you think I'm throwing... Look every time you score
Let’s discuss the buffoonery that is RhandlerR ! They had the nerve to incorporate this message into FIFA. FIFA DOESNT HAVE BLACK FANS! If you think I’m kidding . . Watch every time you score watch the fans. You’ll be shocked. pic.twitter.com/L8ffFy6GTk
A Let’s discuss the buffoonery that is RhandlerR ! They had the nerve to incorporate this message into FIFA. FIFA DOESNT HAVE BLACK FANS! If you think I’m kidding . . Watch every time you score watch the fans. You’ll be shocked. pic.twitter.com/L8ffFy6GTk
to
Fifa makes Barca's black and gold kit look so boring. . 
Fifa makes Barca's black and gold kit look so boring.
Fifa makes Barça's black and gold kit so boring...
Fifa makes Barca's black and gold uniforms look so boring..
Dr Fifa always makes Barca's black leather and gold kit look so boring..
Fifa<unk> Barca's black and gold kit up so boring..
"Worst fifa of all time
"The worst FIFA of all time
"Worst Fifa of all time
"Worst fifa of all time
"Worst song fifa of all time
"soccer fifa of all time
@EASPORTSFIFA @EAFIFADirect @EAHelp  please sort out the Fifa 21 trial. 24 hours after release and I still can’t get on the game on my Xbox.
@ EASPORTSFIFA @ EAFIFADirect @ EAHelp Please clarify the test of Fifa 21. 24 hours after publication I still can not play the game on my Xbox.
@ EASPORTSFIFA @ EAFIL Direct @ EAHelp Please sort out the trial version of Fifa 21. It's been 24 hours since the release and I still can't get into the game on my Xbox.
@EASPORTSFIFA @EAFIFADirect @EAHelp  please sort out our Fifa 21 trial. 24 hours after release and I still smell get on the TV on my Xbox.
P @EASPORTSFIFA @EAFIFADirect P @EAHelp please sort out the Fifa 21 trial. Just 24 hours after release and I still can ’ t get down on board the game system on my special Xbox.
2 @EASPORTSFIFA @EAFIFADirect please sort out the Fifa 21 trial. 24 day behind release and I still can’t get on my game from my Xbox.
Fifa ultimate teams fucking dug meat
FIFA's ultimate teams dug up flesh
FIFA's best teams fuck the diggers
Fifa ultimate and fucking dug meat
Fifa ultimate teams fucking the dug meat
Fifa ultimate teams fucking dug out
Biggest fraud ever
Biggest scam of all time
The biggest fraud in history
Biggest fail ever
Biggest fraud case ever
medical fraud ever
FIFA mornings r the best . 
FIFA morning is the best.
The morning at FIFA is the best.
FIFA mornings and the best.
FIFA mornings were r the best.
FIFA mornings r the football.
YEAH BOIIIIIIIII 99 Messi AND 99 Ronaldo... Shame it is the very end of the game cycle!. 
YEAH BOIIIIIIII 99 Messi AND 99 Ronaldo... Too bad it is the end of the game cycle!.
YEAH BOIIIIIIIII 99 Messi and 99 Ronaldo... It is a shame that this is the very end of the game cycle!.
YEAH BOIIIIIIIII 99 * AND 99 Ronaldo... Shame it is the very end of their game cycle!.
AND YEAH IS BOIIIIIIIII 99 Messi AND 99 Ronaldo... Shame as it is the very basic end moment of the game play cycle!.
YEAH BOIIIIIIIII 13 99 87 99 Ronaldo... Shame it happened the very end of the game cycle!.
Somehow Fifa 20 is a bigger shit show then 19... You guys never fail to amaze me.
Somehow Fifa 20 is a bigger fuck show than 19... You guys will always surprise me.
Somebody Fifa 20 is more shit than 19... You guys always amuse me.
Somehow Fifa 20 is a bigger shit show then 19... You guys never used to fool me.
49 Somehow our Fifa 20 is becoming a bigger shit show then... 19... You guys never fail to amaze me.
Somehow year 20 is some bigger shit show then 19... You guys never manage to amaze me.
"What ""Next Generation"" is gonna be playing fucking FIFA"
"What ""Next Generation"" Will Play for a Damned FIFA"
"That the ""Next Generation"" will play fucking FIFA"
"What ""Next Generation"" is gonna do playing fucking FIFA"
"4 What "" Next Generation "" is gonna be playing against fucking FIFA"
"What ""Next Generation"" is gonna be playing against FIFA"
This is what i used to listen to like 6-8 years ago to absolutely destroy mfs on fifa pic.twitter.com/50Cdq7xoD8
This is what I heard 6-8 years ago to absolutely destroy mfs on fifa pic.twitter.com / 50Cdq7xoD8
This is what I listened to 6-8 years ago to completely destroy mfs on fifa pic.com / 50Cdq7xoD8
This is what i used to listen to like 6-8 years ago to absolutely destroy mfs on fifa pic.twitter.com/50Cdq7xoD8
See This is what i used to listen to like 6-8 years ago to absolutely destroy mfs on fifa pic.twitter.com/50Cdq7xoD8
<unk>
Amazing how toxic the FIFA community is in August.  Congrats @EASPORTSFIFA for creating one of the most toxic communities....right up there with CSGO and RB6.
Amazing how toxic the FIFA community is in August. Congratulations @ EASPORTSFIFA on creating one of the most toxic communities... right at the top with CSGO and RB6.
Congratulations to @ EASPORTSFIFA for creating one of the most toxic communities... right there with CSGO and RB6.
Amazing the toxic the FIFA community is in August.  Congrats @EASPORTSFIFA for creating one of eSports most toxic communities....right up there with CSGO and LOL.
Amazing was how toxic the FIFA community is also in August. Congrats @EASPORTSFIFA for creating one of still the six most toxic scientific communities.... Put right across up there with CSGO and possibly RB6.
Amazing how toxic the FIFA community reached in August. Congrats @EASPORTSFIFA for creating 4 of the most toxic communities....right exactly right with Facebook in RB6.
"@EAHelp I've bought fifa 21 for the pc. I'm gaming with a Xbox one controller. When I play squad battles there is nothing wrong
"@ EAHelp I have bought Fifa 21 for the PC. I play with an Xbox One controller. When I play squad matches
"@ EAHelp I bought fifa 21 per unit. I play with Xbox one control. When I play in team fights there is nothing wrong
"@EAHelp I've bought fifa 21 for the pc. I'm gaming with a Xbox one controller. Where I play squad battles there is nothing wrong
"@EAHelp I've bought fifa 21 game for the pc. I'm gaming TV with a Xbox one controller. When I go play squad battles there is nothing wrong
"@EAHelp I've bought fifa 21 for the pc. I'm gaming with a Xbox one controller. When I play squad matches there is nothing wrong
Ea sports fifa is fraud and scripted too obvious  
Ea sports fifa is cheating and too obvious a scenario
Ea sports fifa is a fraud and script too obvious
Ea sports fifa is fraud and scripted too soon
A Ea sports fifa is fraud and scripted too... obvious
Ea sports fifa is fraud being scripted too obvious
i have never played fifa in my life but i guess i will never be able to because i just got banned for cheating pic.twitter.com/aaz0Ryt7U7
I've never played FIFA in my life but I don't think I will ever be able to because I've just been banned for cheating pic.twitter.com / aaz0Ryt7U7
i have never played fifa in my life but i guess i will never be able to because i just got banned for cheating pic.facebook.com / aaz0Ryt7U7
i have never played fifa in my life but i guess i will never be able to because i just got banned for cheating pic.twitter.com/aaz0Ryt7U7
THE i have never played fifa in my life but i guess i will never be able to because i just got banned for cheating pic.twitter.com/aaz0Ryt7U7
and
Gianni  

Gianni
Gianni
Mario Gianni
you
“I recon I’ve been hacked by FIFA headquarters”.  @markgoldbridge pic.twitter.com/Y3DjQ6qgGX
"""I remember being hacked by FIFA headquarters."" @ markgoldbridge pic.twitter.com / Y3DjQ6qgGX"
"""I recon I've been hacked by FIFA headquarters."" @ markgoldbridge pic.fr / Y3DjQ6qgGX"
“I recon I’ve been hacked by FIFA headquarters”.  RhandlerR pic.twitter.com/Y3DjQ6qgGX
L “I recon I’ve been hacked by FIFA headquarters”.  RhandlerR pic.twitter.com/Y3DjQ6qgGX
2
No fucking thank you . 
No damn thank you.
"No
No fucking love you.
No fucking no thank you.
No fucking are you.
The absolute worst
Absolutely the worst
Absolutely the worst
The absolute core
The other absolute worst
their absolute worst
@EAHelp hi on Fifa mobile I opened all 24 envelopes and didn’t get a reward for it it’s gone missing any help ?
@ EAHelp hello on Fifa mobile I opened all 24 envelopes and got no reward for the fact that there was no more help?
@ EAHelp hi on Fifa mobile I opened all 24 endeses and didn't get a reward for it's gone missing any help?
@EAHelp hi on Fifa mobile I got these 24 envelopes and didn’t get a reward for it it’s gone missing someone help?
@EAHelp hi on Fifa mobile I finally opened up all 24 envelopes now and didn ’ ′ t get a reward for it it still ’ s gone really missing any help?
<unk> hi on mobile mobile I managed all 24 envelopes and didn’t score a reward for it it’s gone missing need help?
I never waste my money on fifa points anyways. 
I never waste my money on Fifa points anyway.
I never spend money on Fifa points anyway.
I never spend my money on fifa points anyways.
And I never waste my money fully on fifa points anyways.
I never waste my money on fifa cigarettes anyways.
@EAHelp hey i have a problem with your quik sell recovery system on fifa 20 one of my recovered players has been moved to the recovery menu after I recovered him losing a restore and now losing the player
"@ EAHelp hey I have a problem with your quiz sell recovery system on fifa 20 one of my recovered players was moved to the recovery menu after I had recovered him
@ EAHelp hey i have a problem with your quik sell recovery system on fifa 20 one of my recovered players has been moved to the recovery menu after I recovered him losing a restore and now losing the player
@EAHelp hey i have a problem with your quik me recovery system on August 20 one of my recovered players has been restored to the recovery menu but I recovered him losing a restore and now losing the player
@EAHelp hey i have a problem with your quik sell recovery only system on every fifa 20 being one of my well recovered pro players He has been instantly moved to the recovery menu after I already recovered either him losing a restore and now losing the player
@EAHelp hey i have a issues with your quik sell recovery system on fifa because 2 of my recovered players has been brought to the recovery menu after I recovered him losing a job prompt therefore losing the player
This is so sadly true ffs.
It's so sad.
It's so sad.
This is more sadly true ffs.
This is so are sadly true ffs.
This is so very true ffs.
FIFA 21 PRO CLUBS is BROKEN!! youtu.be/_7tfj9SMmK0 @YouTube. 
FIFA 21 PRO CLUBS is BROKEN!! youtu.be / _ 7tfj9SMmK0 @ YouTube.
FIFA 21 PRO CLUBS is BROKEN!! youtu.be / _ 7t9mK0 @ YouTube.
FIFA 21 Championship CLUBS is BROKEN!! change.be/_7tfj9SMmK0 @YouTube.
FIFA s 21 football PRO CLUBS program is in BROKEN!! youtu. v be / _ 7tfj9SMmK0 and @YouTube.
FIFA WHAT YOU CLUBS is BROKEN!! by.be/_7tfj9SMmK0<unk>.
Sell 700k fifa coins fuck this game
Sell 700k fifa coins fucking this game
Sell 700k Fife coins fuck this game
Sell 4 fifa coins fuck this game
Sell 32 700k fifa coins fuck for this game
Sell us fifa coins fuck this game
So I mistakenly uninstalled my fifa 20 . Well I’m done with games
So I uninstalled my Fifa 20 by mistake.
"So I mistakenly deleted my Fifa 20. Well
So I mistakenly uninstalled my fifa 20. Well I’m done winning games
So today I mistakenly uninstalled my fifa 20. Well I I ’ m done involved with games
So have mistakenly chose my fifa 20. Well I’m struggling with games
Slowly gettin raw at fifa  again
Slowly things are moving up again at FIFA
Sloggettin lashes out at Fifa again
Slowly turning raw at fifa  again
as Slowly gettin raw at fifa again
Slowly slowly raw at fifa again
Every Good Heist Requires Some Paid Help . . Why Fifa 21 Will Be Amazing- The Fifa Job Part 2 . . youtube.com/watch?v=qa5oMM… https://t.co/GVrFOEpDOz
Any good hot requires some paid help.. Why Fifa 21 Will Be Amazing - The Fifa Job Part 2.. youtube.com / watch? v = qa5oMM... https: / / t.co / GVrFOEpDOz
Why Fifa 21 Will Be Amazing- The Fifa: Part 2.. youtube.com / watch? v = qa5oMM... https: / / Fenco / GVrFOEpDOz
Every Spy Heist Need No Paid Help.. Why Fifa 21 Might Be Amazing- The Fifa Job Part 2.. youtube.com/watch?v=qa5oMM… https://t.co/GVrFOEpDOz]
Take Every Other Good Heist that Requires... Some Paid Help.. Why Lost Fifa Ward 21 Will Be... Amazing - The Amazing Fifa Job Story Part 2.. youtube. com / watch? v = qa5oMM …... https://t.co/GVrFOEpDOz ]
One Good Heist Bring Some Paid Help.. Why Century 21 Will Be Amazing-<unk> Fifa Job Watch 13.. on.com/watch?v=qa5oMM... by]
Why the fuck has @EA made stamina on fifa 20 so bad cant go 20 minutes in game time with a great side without all of the players stamina dropping so slow so fast. Stupid idea to bring that into a game where stamina is vital. Seriously this needs to be sorted out asap.
"Why the hell has @ EA made the stamina on fifa 20 so bad that you can't play 20 minutes of game time with a great team without the stamina of all players slowing down so quickly? Stupid idea to bring this into a game where stamina is crucial. Seriously
Silly idea to bring it to a game where endurance is vital.
Why the fuck has @EA made stamina on fifa 20 so bad cant play 20 minutes in game 10 with a great side without all of the players stamina dropping that slow so fast. Stupid idea to turn that TO a game where stamina was vital. Seriously this needs to be sorted out asap.
Why thank the fuck everyone has when @EA made stamina on fifa 20 times so bad cant go 20 minutes out in game time with just a great side without all of the players stamina dropping so slow so fast. Wow Stupid idea to just bring that into a game experience where stamina development is vital. Seriously this needs to be sorted out asap.
Why the fuck do @EA made it on fifa 20 so bad cant for 20 minutes in game time with a great side of all of the enemy stamina going to slow so fast. Stupid idea to bring death into a game where stamina is vital. Seriously this needs to be sorted and asap.
At the end of the day fuck fifa
At the end of the day fuck fifa
At the end of the day fuck fifa
At the heat of the day fuck fifa
At... the end of the day fuck fifa
At the bottom of the day fuck fifa
@NepentheZ this is @EASPORTSFIFA whenever there's an issue that impacts FIFA point sales
@ NepentheZ this is @ EASPORTSFIFA whenever there is a problem affecting FIFA points sales
@ NepentheZ this is @ EASPORTSFIFA whenever there's an issue that impact FIFA point sales
@NepentheZ this is @EASPORTSFIFA whenever there's an issue that triggers FIFA point sales
From @NepentheZ if this is @EASPORTSFIFA whenever there's an issue around that also impacts FIFA point sales
knows this is @NepentheZ whenever there's an issue that raises FIFA player sales
"There’s a bit ages involved will hinge on
"There's a bit of age in the game
"There are a few ages that will get in the way
"There’s a bit ages involved will put on
"I There ’ that s a bit of ages involved that will hinge on
"what that bit ages in that hinge on
“sick of sidemen stans” oh you mean the people who called you out on your bullshit when you were too fucking lazy to post IMPORTANT petitions and to speak up and spread awareness for an important movement? but you had the time to post about fucking fifa and acted as if you +
"""Sidemen stans"" oh you mean the people who called you on your bullshit when you were too damn lazy to write IMPORTANT petitions and spread awareness of an important movement? but you had the time to write about the damn FIFA and acted as if you +"
"""sick of sidemen stans"" oh you mean the people that called you out on your bullshit when you were too fucking lazy to post IMPORTANT petitions and to speak up and spread aware for an important movement? but you had the time to post about fucking fifa and acted as if you +"
“sick of lazy stans” oh we mean the people who called you out on your bullshit when you were too fucking lazy to post IMPORTANT petitions and to speak to and demand awareness for an important movement? but you had the time to post about fucking fifa + acted as if you +
“ sick of sidemen wearing stans ” oh you mean like the dead people who called you out and on your bullshit when you were too fucking bloody lazy to post IMPORTANT petitions even and to speak up and spread awareness for an important movement? but you had the more time to post about fucking fifa problems and acted even as lawyer if you +
“sick of sidemen stans” so those are the people who called you out to your bullshit when you were too fucking lazy to post IMPORTANT petitions and to speak up and spread awareness for an organizing movement? but you had more shit to post about fucking fifa and is smart if you +
"Talk is cheap on this app
"Talking is cheap on this app
"Conversation in this app is cheap
"Talk is cheap on this property
"Talk is cheap and on board this app
"Talk is cheap on this app
"People dissing this but imo this is great from EA
"People who don't like it
"People dissing this but imo this is great from EA
"People dissing this but imo this is great for EA
"People keeps dissing this but voice imo says this is great from EA
"People dissing this but imo is is great from EA
"Gaming companies are terrible for getting refunds from
"Gambling firms are terrible at getting refunds
"Gaming companies are terrible at getting a refund from
"Gaming companies are terrible for refusing refunds from
"Gaming companies are terrible for getting refunds ordered from
"Gaming Trustees are terrible for collecting refunds from
I didn’t even know FIFA could force retire you! Wtf?! pic.twitter.com/mawPiahUn4
I didn't even know FIFA could force you to retire! Wtf?! pic.twitter.com / mawPiahUn4
I didn't even know that FIFA could force you to resign! Wtf?! pic.facebook.com / mawPiahUn4
I didn’t even know FIFA could force retire you! Wtf?! pic.twitter.com/mawPiahUn4
The I didn’t even know FIFA could force retire you! Wtf?! pic.twitter.com/mawPiahUn4
and
130k for my PS4 with FIFA 20 is bad ? Lol . . I go dash my brother then
130k for my PS4 with FIFA 20 is bad? Lol..
Is 130k bad for my PS4 with FIFA 20?
130k for my PS4 with FIFA 20 is bad stuff J.. I go dash my brother then
130k left for my PS4 with FIFA 20 what is bad? For Lol.. I go dash my big brother then
130k at my PS4 with FIFA 20 seems nice? Lol.. I go dash my brother then
@EASPORTSFIFA I’ve bought fifa points and they have not been added to my account but the money has been taken out my account
"@ EASPORTSFIFA I purchased Fifa points and they were not credited to my account
@ EASPORTSFIFA I've bought fifa points and they have not been added to my account but the money has been taken out of my account
@EASPORTSFIFA I’ve bought 4 tickets and they have not been added to my account but the money has been taken out my account
@EASPORTSFIFA I ’ ve bought fifa points there and they have reportedly not yet been added to my account but the money has been taken straight out my own account
now I’ve stolen fifa points and they have not been added towards my account but the money has been pumped out my account
@EASPORTSFIFA Fifa 21 looks copied and pasted yet worse than the previous titles somehow
@ EASPORTSFIFA Fifa 21 looks even worse than the previous titles somehow
@ EASPORTSFIFA 21 looks copied and pasted even worse than previous titles somehow
@EASPORTSFIFA Fifa 21 looks copied and feels yet worse than the previous titles somehow
@EASPORTSFIFA Fifa Fighter 21 looks copied and pasted down yet worse than the previous titles yet somehow
@EASPORTSFIFA Fifa 21 looks copied and pasted yet worse only the best titles somehow
@EASPORTSFIFA Hi - trying to buy FIFA 21 Ultimate Edition from the PS store. It keeps declining my transaction for the game but they are happy to charge me for other services. I wonder if this is the service you guys provide? @AskPS_UK HELP is required!!
"@ EASPORTSFIFA Hi - I am trying to buy FIFA 21 Ultimate Edition from the PS store. It continues to refuse my transaction for the game
"@ EASPORTSFIFA Hi - trying to buy FIFA 21 Ultimate from the PS store. This constantly reduces my transaction for the game
@EASPORTSFIFA Hi - trying to buy FIFA 21 Ultimate Edition from the ESV store. Price keeps increasing my transaction for the game but they are happy t charge me for other services. Fe wonder if this is the service you guys provide? @AskPS_UK HELP is required!!
From @EASPORTSFIFA Hi - trying to simply buy the FIFA 21 Ultimate Edition from outside the PS store. It keeps declining my transaction forms for the game but they are happy to regularly charge me for other services. And I wonder if this is the other service you guys would provide? If @AskPS_UK HELP is required!!
@EASPORTSFIFA Hi - trying to buy FIFA 21 Ultimate Deluxe from the PS store. It keeps declining my transaction for that game but they are happy to charge me of their services. I wonder will this really the source you guys provide? No HELP is required!!
Biggest FIFA 21 Downgrades! ⏬. . Collab w/ @SebFUT .  
Biggest FIFA 21 downgrades!.. Collab w / @ SebFUT.
The biggest downshifter of FIFA 21 Downloads!. Collab w / @ FUT.
Biggest FIFA 21 Downgrades! ⏬. 1 Collab F/ @SebFUT.
Biggest Sports FIFA Game 21 Never Downgrades! [UNK].. a Collab w / @SebFUT.
2012 FIFA 21<unk>! <unk>.. Collab w/ commentary.
Just stop
Just stop.
Just Stop
Just Cause
5 Just stop
Just like
nice i get to play trash on the ps4 and the ps5
nice that I can play garbage on the PS4 and the PS5
nice i get to play trash on the F4 and the F5
nice i get to play trash on the ps4 and now ps5
be nice i get to play my trash on the ps4 and the ps5
nice i get to play mine on like ps4 and the ps5
Hate speech . 
Hate speech.
Hate speech.
Hate speech Edit
I Hate speech.
Hate There.
"when i say UN
"When I say that the UN
"when i say UN
"when i hear UN
"and when i say UN
"can i say UN
@EAHelp Struggling to buy fifa points for my nephews' gambling addiction. Can you help please?
@ EAHelp Fight for Fifa points for my nephew's gambling addiction. Can you please help me?
@ EAHelp is fighting to buy Fifa points for my newborn's gambling addiction.
@EAHelp Struggling desperately buy fifa points for my nephews' gambling bets. Can you help please?
@EAHelp Struggling to buy fifa over points starting for my nephews'gambling addiction. Can that you help by please?
@EAHelp just over buy fifa drugs for my nephews' gambling addiction. Can you help please?
"@EAFIFAMOBILE If I hadn't invested so much money in that shit
"@ EAFIFAMOBILE If I hadn't invested so much money in this shit
"@ EAFIFAMODE If I hadn't put so much money into this crap
"@EAFIFAMOBILE If I hadn't invested so much money with that shit
"@EAFIFAMOBILE If I hadn't invested so fucking much money in that shit
"@EAFIFAMOBILE If I hadn't spent this much money in that shit
EA servers down? Apex Legends & FIFA players reporting outages | Dexerto.com tinyurl.com/tbx88ca https://t.co/CA1vJIq3hL
EA servers down? Apex Legends & FIFA players report outages | Dexerto.com tinyurl.com / tbx88ca https: / / t.co / CA1vJIq3hL
Are EA servers down? Apex Legends & FIFA players reporting out: Dexerto.com tinyurl.com / tbx88ca https: / / www.co / CA1vJIq3hL
EA servers off? Apex Legends & FIFA players reporting... | Dexerto.com tinyurl.com/tbx88ca 7]
Has EA Sports servers broke down? Apex Sports Legends & FIFA players still reporting outages | per Dexerto. com tinyurl. as com / tbx88ca https://t.co/CA1vJIq3hL ]
EA servers working? Apex Legends are FIFA players reporting results | Dexerto.com on.com/tbx88ca com]
No way FIFA done Sancho and Gnabry that dirty.....
Sancho and Gnabry have certainly not done FIFA that dirty...
Nothing FIFA did to Sancho and Gary that dirty.....
No way FIFA done Sancho and Rio that dirty.....
No way FIFA done Tony Sancho and Corporal Gnabry getting that dirty.....
No way FIFA done Sancho Gonzales Gnabry his dirty.....
Around 100 workers at major  . . Read the full story & company responses .  bit.ly/3dWf3pi |  
About 100 employees at Major.. read the full story & reactions of the company. bit.ly / 3dWf3pi |
About 100 workers at the major.. Read the company's full story and testimonials. bit.ly / 3dWf3pi
Around 20 leaders at major .. Read the full story & company responses.  bit.ly/3dWf3pi |
Around about 100 workers at each major..... Read for the full story & company responses. By bit. ly / 3dWf3pi |
Around 10 pounds fire major.. Read the full story from company responses. bit.ly/3dWf3pi |
I thought FIFA 19 reeked so bad but my GOD FIFA 20 is so ass man
"I thought FIFA 19 stinks so bad
I thought FIFA 19 reeek so bad but my GOD FIFA 20 is so ass man
I thought FIFA 19 reeked so bad but my GOD FIFA 20 is so ass ass
I thought our FIFA 19 reeked so bad but my guy GOD FIFA 20 is so ass smart man
I thought FIFA 19 reeked so bad but my friends FIFA 20 is so perfect as
Fifa WL is the most annoying thing in the world. Im winning 2-1 in the 118th min and he scores a goal and then we go to pens and he blocks 3 in a row. dude is fucking shitter too. dominated the entire game. he played 19 people in the back and I couldn't get a shot to go in
Fifa WL is the most annoying thing in the world. I win 2-1 in the 118th minute and he scores a goal and then we go to the pens and he blocks 3 in a row. Dude is also fucking shit. dominated the whole game. He played 19 people in the back and I couldn't get a shot to go in.
Fifa WL is the most annoying thing in the world. wins 2-1 in the 118th minute and he scores a goal and then we go to the pens and he blocks 3 in the roo. fucking crap dude dominated the whole game.
Fifa WL Like the most stupid thing in the world. Im trailing 2-1 until the 118th min and he scores a goal... then we go to pens and he blocks 3 in a row. dude is fucking shitter too. dominated the entire game. he blocked 19 people in the back and actually couldn't get a shot to go in
Fifa WL is the most annoying thing in the whole world. Im over winning 2 - 1 in about the 118th min and he scores a goal and then we go to pens and again he blocks 3 goal in a row. dude is fucking that shitter too. dominated the entire game. he just played 19 people in the back and I also couldn's t get a shot to go free in
Fifa WL is the most annoying place in whole world. Im winning 2-1 in the 118th min and Mac scores a fly up and we go to pens and he blocks 3 in a row. Mac is fucking shitter too. dominated the entire game. just played 19 screens at the back and I couldn't get a shot to go in
The idiot was moving from one room to another saying “fifa is the bomb”
"The idiot moved from one room to another
"An idiot would walk from one room to another
The idiot was moving from one room to another saying This is the bomb”
The idiot president was moving from one room talking to another saying “ fifa is the bomb attack ”
The hotel was moving from 1 room to another saying “fifa is the bomb”
"Usually spend 120 quid on better things Friday nights
"Normally you spend 120 quid on better things on a Friday night
"It's good to spend 120 quid on the best things on Friday night
"Usually spend 120 quid on better things Friday nights
"Usually spend 120 quid on better things Friday nights
"Usually spend 120 quid on better stuff Friday nights
BRO I PHYSICALLY CANNOT PLAY WITH THESE FUCKING GOALKEEPERS IN FIFA 21
BRO I PHYSICAL CAN NOT GAME WITH THIS FICKING GOALKEEPERS IN FIFA 21
BRO I FISICALLY CANNON GAME WITH THIS FOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
BRO I REALLY CANNOT PLAY WITH THESE FUCKING GOALKEEPERS IN FIFA 18
AS BRO AND I PHYSICALLY CANNOT PLAY YOU WITH IS THESE of FUCKING THE GOALKEEPERS IN FIFA United 21
BRO IN PHYSICALLY CANNOT PLAY WITH ANY FUCKING GOALKEEPERS THE FIFA WORLD
No Hazard???......this list is big trash
No danger???...... this list is big trash
No Danger???...... this list is a big thrash
No Hazard???......this list involves big trash
Eat No 2 Hazard???...... this food list is big trash
No<unk>......this list is big deal
Bashing FIFA for no reason . . You all are proving how insecure you hate lingers are from shehnaaz and her popularity . . Just because FIFA supports shehnaaz and SidNaaz . . OHh Myy Gawwwd. .  
Bashing FIFA for no reason... They all prove how insecure you hate objectors are by shehnaaz and their popularity.. Just because FIFA supports shehnaaz and SidNaaz... OHh Myy Gawwwd..
"You all prove how unsafe you hate long-legged people because of shehnaaz and its popularity... Just because FIFA supports shehnaaz and sinnaaz... Oh
"Bashing FIFA for no reason.. You all are proving how insecure you hate lingers back from shehnaaz with her daughters.. Just because FIFA supports shehnaaz and SidNaaz.
Bashing FIFA to for no reason.. You know all are proving how insecure If you hate the lingers you are from shehnaaz she and her popularity.. that Just because FIFA fully supports her shehnaaz and SidNaaz.. 3 OHh Myy Gawwwd..
Bashing FIFA for every reason.. who all are shocked how long YOUR hate lingers are for Serena and her popularity.. Just because FIFA supports her and SidNaaz.. OHh Myy my..
FIFA 20 is honestly the biggest pile of shit excuse for a game ever created. The game is played at 2 miles an hour. Slow clap for EA.
"FIFA 20 is frankly the biggest pile of shit excuses for a game ever created
"FIFA 20 is
FIFA 17 is honestly the biggest pile of shit excuse for a game ever created. The game also played at 60 miles an hour. Slow clap for EA.
FIFA 20 is honestly the biggest garbage pile piece of shit excuse here for a game ever created. The game play is played average at 2 miles an hour hour. Slow clap for EA.
FIFA 20 are honestly the biggest pile<unk> shit excuse into a game ever created. The game is played at 2 miles an second. Slow clap for EA.
It's like playing fifa against a five year old child. Absolute filth!
It's like playing FIFA against a five-year-old kid.
It's like playing Fifa against a five-year-old.
It's like playing fifa against a five year old child. Absolute chaos!
It's like her playing fifa against being a five year old child.... Absolute vampire filth!
it's like playing fifa against an five year<unk> child. Absolute filth!
FIFA releases statement in wake of criminal proceedings against Infantino verynaija.com/2020/08/01/fif…
FIFA issues statement in wake of criminal case against Infantino verynaija.com / 2020 / 08 / 01 / fif...
FIFA issued a statement in connection with the criminal case against Infantino Naija.com / 2020 / 08 / 01 / fif...
FIFA changes videos in wake of criminal proceedings against Infantino verynaija.com/2020/08/01/fif…
2014 FIFA releases statement in final wake of criminal proceedings against Pablo Infantino verynaija. de com / 2020 / 08 / 01 / fif 1 …
FIFA delayed results in wake of criminal proceedings concerning Infantino in.com/2020/08/01/fif...
When pro clubs fucks up the kits
When professional clubs botch the shirts
When Pro Clubs Fuck
When pro clubs gave up the kits
When pro clubs fucks up the kit kits
When pro clubs fucks all the kits
Ea can piss off
Ea can piss off
Ea can piss off
Ea can piss me
Only Ea can piss off
Ea can piss that
Very handsome guys are always the baddest FIFA players
Very good-looking guys are always the worst FIFA players
Very nice guys are always FIFA's worst players
Very handsome guys and always the baddest FIFA players
Very handsome handsome guys are always the baddest British FIFA players
Very handsome guys are always the baddest FIFA guys
Never been more disinterested in Fifa and it’s actually crazy. Use to smash that game so much but last year was the final straw for me
"I've never been so disinterested in Fifa and it's actually crazy. Use to smash this game so much
"I have never been more uninterested in FIFA
Never been totally disinterested in Fifa and therefore actually crazy. Use to smash that dream so much but last year was the final straw for me
Never been more disinterested here in Fifa and it ’ s actually crazy. Use to smash that game so much lately but that last year was the ugly final straw in for both me
actually been more disinterested in Fifa then it’s actually crazy. Use to smash my game so much but last Monday was the final straw for me
@EASPORTSFIFA  whats up with your server? Why is it so shitty? What do you do with all the money you get from fifa points?  
"@ EASPORTSFIFA
@ EASPORTSFIFA whats up with your server? Why is it so shitty? What do you do with all the money you get from fifa points?
@EASPORTSFIFA  whats up with your server? Why is it so shitty? What do they think without all the money you get from fifa points?
No @EASPORTSFIFA whats up there with your old server? and Why is it getting so shitty? What do they you do with all the money you get from fifa points?
@EASPORTSFIFA was wrong with your car? Why is it so shitty? What do people do with all the money to get from fifa points?
"Is it worth shelling out the money to rebuy Red Dead Redemption 2 so I'm not just playing FIFA
"Is it worth spending the money to buy back Red Dead Redemption 2 so that during the lockdown I don't just play FIFA
"Is it worth spending money on Red Dead Reduction 2 so that I don't just play FIFA
"Is it worth shelling out the money to rebuy Red Dead Evil 2 so I'm not just playing FIFA
"Is it worth this shelling out the money today to actually rebuy Red as Dead Redemption 2 so I'm m not just playing FIFA
"Is it worth shelling out big money towards rebuy Red Dead Redemption immediately so my'm not just playing FIFA
can we all agree EA stink and the FIFA 21 ratings are horrendous . 
Can we all agree that EA stinks and FIFA 21 ratings are terrible?
Can we all agree that the FIFA 21 rankings are wrong?
can we all agree EA stink and the FIFA 21 ratings to horrendous.
can we not all agree EA stink and the current FIFA 21 ratings here are horrendous.
can FIFA please let EA stink and the FIFA 21 ratings are horrendous.
Caught the presser late but someone please assist did the chairman say issues of GBV are issues of Fifa? What does this even mean?
"Caught the presser too late
"Beware of the press late
Caught the presser late but someone please assist did the chairman say issues over GBV are laws of Fifa? What does this even mean?
Caught on the presser late but can someone please assist did know the chairman say issues because of GBV are more issues of De Fifa? What does this even mean?
Caught the presser late but someone please assist did the chairman say not in GBV are issues of Fifa? What does That apparently mean?
YALL can STOP PROMOTING me in gp Fifa. i am ashameddd.
YALL can stop promoting me in gp Fifa. I am ashamed.
YALL can STROMPROMING me in gp Fifa. i am ashameddd.
YALL can STOP PROMOTING me in gp Fifa. i<unk> ashameddd.
YALL u can STOP PROMOTING me in my gp Fifa. i... am you ashameddd.
I can STOP PROMOTING playing in gp Fifa. i am dying.
Even the world’s best FIFA player knows that FIFA 20 is rubbish tinyurl.com/yx3e66a6 https://t.co/JyQYCFThtD
Even the world's best FIFA player knows FIFA 20 is rubbish tinyurl.com / yx3e66a6 https: / / t.co / JyQYCFThtD
Even the best FIFA player in the world knows that FIFA 20 is rubbish tinyurl.com / yx3e66a6 https: / / Fenco / JyQYCFTtD
Even the world’s best FIFA referee says that FIFA 20 matches tinyurl.com/yx3e66a6 https://t.co/JyQYCFThtD]
Even though the world system ’ s second best FIFA 21 player knows that your FIFA 20 rating is rubbish tinyurl. com / 0 yx3e66a6 https://t.co/JyQYCFThtD ]
Even that single richest FIFA player knows that FIFA website is rubbish tinyurl.com/yx3e66a6 https://t.co/JyQYCFThtD]
so damn sick
So damn sick
so damn sick
so damn good
Or so damn sick
so bloody sick
 
It is not the first time that the EU Commission has taken such a step.
"At the same time



why is it the more i spend on fifa the worse players i get but when i spend 4k doing an SBC i make 10k??
"Why is it that the more I spend on FIFA
why is it the more i spend on fifa the worse players i get but when i spend 4k doing an SBC i make 10k??
why is it the bigger i spend on fifa the worse players i get then when i spend it doing an SBC i make 10k??
why else is change it because the more i spend on fifa the worse I players i get hurt but when i spend 4k doing an SBC or i make 10k??
why is it less time i spend into fifa the worse players i get yet whenever i spend 4k doing an SBC i make 10k??
Fifa is dog shit
Fifa is dogshit
Fifa is dog shit
Fifa = dog shit
Fifa is dog and shit
much is dog shit
I would gladly pay for @EASPORTSFIFA FIFA 21 if they made no other update than to remove this screen. . . Why does this still exist? Why do you ask me every time I load the game? Why has it been like this for 10 years? pic.twitter.com/T3CBiosY9R
I would love to pay for @ EASPORTSFIFA 21 if there was no update other than removing this screen... Why is it still there? Why do you ask me every time I load the game? Why has it been this way for 10 years? pic.twitter.com / T3CBiosY9R
Why would I be happy to pay for @ EASPORTSFIFA FIFA 21 if they didn't make any update other than to delete this screen... Why does it still exist? Why do you ask me every time I upload a game? Why has it been this way for 10 years? pic.facebook.com / T3CBiosY9R
I would gladly pay for RhandlerR FIFA 21 if they made no other update than to remove this screen. . . Why does this still exist? Why do you ask me every time I load the game? Why has it been like this for 10 years? pic.twitter.com/T3CBiosY9R
and I would gladly pay for RhandlerR FIFA 21 if they made no other update than to remove this screen. . . Why does this still exist? Why do you ask me every time I load the game? Why has it been like this for 10 years? pic.twitter.com/T3CBiosY9R
<unk>
FIFA 20 hands down the worst video game I've ever played in my life!!! IN MY LIFE !!!!!!!
FIFA 20 delivers the worst video game I've ever played in my life!!! IN MY LIFE!!!!!!!!
FIFA 20 hands out the worst video game I've ever played in my life!!!! IN MY LIFE!!!!!!!!
FIFA 20 hands down on worst video game fucking ever played in my life!!! IN MY LIFE!!!!!!!
FIFA 20... hands down the worst video board game game I've ever played before in my adult life!!! IN MY Weekly LIFE!!!!!!!
FIFA 20 hands down was worst rugby game I've ever played in my career IN MY LIFE!!!!!!!
Hmmm fifa 21 gon be shit!
Hmmm Fifa 21 gon be shit!
Um-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m!
Hmmm fifa 21 gon be neat!
Hmmm 20 fifa 21 gon be done shit!
Hmmm fifa 21 gon be in!
"Always find it funny when people get annoyed at the fifa soundtracks list
"Always find it funny when people get annoyed about FIFA's soundtrack list because FIFA 15 doesn't have a good list
"Always find it funny when people get annoyed at the fifa soundtracks list because fifa 15 wasn't good
"Always find it funny when people get outraged at the Mario soundtracks list
"Always will find it funny when people get annoyed mad at the fifa soundtracks list
"Always find it funny where people get annoyed at the fifa mix list
"I hate restrictions
"I hate constraints
"I hate restrictions
"I hate restrictions
"While I constantly hate restrictions
"I hate phone
FIFA 21 is a broken game.
FIFA 21 is a broken game.
FIFA 21 is a broken game.
FIFA 21 has a broken game.
FIFA Division 21 is a broken game.
FIFA 21 is about broken game.
@EASPORTSFIFA why does rashford suck in fifa
@ EASPORTSFIFA Why Rashford sucks in FIFA
@ EASPORTSFIFA why sucks in Fife
@EASPORTSFIFA why does rashford suck so fifa
I @EASPORTSFIFA why does rashford and suck in fifa
kind of does rashford suck in fifa
@EAHelp i have a slight problem with the fifa 21 closed beta
@ EAHelp I have a slight problem with the Fifa 21 closed beta
@ EAHelp I have a slight problem with the fifa 21 closed beta
@EAHelp i have another slight problem with the fifa 21 closed beta
the @EAHelp i have a slight problem is with the fifa with 21 closed beta
@EAHelp i have a particular problem with my fifa 21 closed beta
I’m tired of seeing this tweet
I'm tired of seeing this tweet
I'm tired of seeing this tweet
I’m tired of seeing ya tweet
I ’ m getting tired of seeing this tweet
I’m appreciative of seeing this tweet
"So after cancelling my order the mrs decided to buy fifa 21 as a surprise. I wish she never bothered. @EASPORTSFIFA   actually managed to outdo themselves and make the game worse from fifa 20
"I wish she'd never bothered. @ EASPORTSFIFA has actually managed to outdo itself and make the Fifa 20 game worse
"I wish she never had to worry. @ EASPORTSFIFA actually managed to outdo themselves and make the game worse from Fifa 20
"So after cancelling my order the mrs tries to buy fifa twenty as a surprise. I wish she never guessed. Luckily   actually managed to salvage themselves and make the game worse from fifa 20
"30 So after practically cancelling my grocery order together the mrs decided to buy fifa 21 21 as a surprise. But I wish she never bothered. @EASPORTSFIFA actually managed to outdo 6 themselves and make sure the game look worse from fifa 20
"So after cancelling my order her mrs decided to buy fifa 21 in a surprise. One wish she has bought. @EASPORTSFIFA actually decided to outdo themselves and make the game worse from fifa 20
"Even professional footballers are taking a dig at EA
"Even football pros make fun of EA
Even professional footballers dig into EA when EA sees them fucking it every time.
"Even professional footballers are taking their dig at EA
"Even professional footballers above are taking a dig at EA
"Even professional footballers just taking a dig toward EA
Ffs frauds
Fraud
Ffs Fraud
Ffs ---
Ffs of frauds
insurance frauds
I was really excited for the new FIFA but I’m literally on the ropes already
"I was really excited for the new FIFA
"I was very worried about the new FIFA
I was really excited for the new FIFA but I’m literally showing the ropes already
I too was really excited for playing the new FIFA but I ’ m literally stuck on the ropes already
I was really excited for the new FIFA but I’m literally on the fence with
FIFA Mistake  . .  
FIFA error..
FIFA's mistake.
FIFA Mistake . gif
FIFA Small Mistake..
FIFA Football..
Just downloaded FIFA 20 and by God this game stinks.
Just downloaded FIFA 20 and thankfully this game stinks.
Just downloaded FIFA 20 and thank God that the game has stalled.
Just downloaded FIFA 20 and by God this game exploded.
I Just downloaded FIFA 20 and by God goddamn this game stinks.
Just downloaded FIFA 20 God by God this game stinks.
"Yes
"Yes
"Yes
"Yes
"Yes
"Yes
So sad seeing how fifa has declined
So sad to see FIFA relegated
So sad to see Fifa fall
So sad seeing how fifa prices declined
So mighty sad seeing how fifa has declined
So sad too how fifa has declined
WTF!! EA IS CHEATING MY BARCA CAREER MODE! FIFA 21 Career Mode Barcelona... youtu.be/n2eTquBDQVU via @YouTube https://t.co/kUMbKqqkUr
WTF!! EA CHEATING MY BARCA CAREER MODE! FIFA 21 career mode Barcelona... youtu.be / n2eTquBDQVU via @ YouTube https: / / t.co / kUMbKqqkUr
WTF!! EA IS CHEATING MY BARCA CAREER MODE! FIFA 21 Career Barcelona... youtu.be / n2eTquBDQVU via @ YouTube
WTF!! SHE IS CHEATING MY BARCA EL NOW! FIFA 21 Career for Barcelona... youtu.be/n2eTquBDQVU via @YouTube https://t.co/kUMbKqqkUr]
To WTF!! IT EA TO IS THE CHEATING TO MY BARCA CAREER MODE! THE FIFA 21 Career Development Mode Barcelona... No youtu. To be / n2eTquBDQVU or via @YouTube https://t.co/kUMbKqqkUr ]
<unk> EA IS T MY BARCA CAREER MODE! FIFA 21 Race Mode on... youtu.be/n2eTquBDQVU<unk> “ or]
I don’t know how they can completely fuck a game up over and over again!
I don't know how they can screw up a game over and over again!
I don't know how they can completely fuck a game up again and again!
I don’t know how they can completely fuck a game up over and never again!
I don ’ t honestly know how they can both completely fuck off a game up over and over again!
I don’t know how they can completely fuck our game up over and around again!
Still shit pic.twitter.com/ra0gwVDlt3
Shit pic.twitter.com / ra0gwVDlt3
Still shit pic.wikipedia.org / ra0gwVD3
Still shit pic.twitter.com/ra0gwVDlt3
3 Still shit pic.twitter.com/ra0gwVDlt3
<unk>
"To sum up tonight fifa sucks
"In summary
"To sum up today's match
"To sum up – fifa sucks
"13 To sum up tonight fifa sucks
"To sum up tonight fifa sucks
Pissing people off in FIFA and on twitter . 
Piss people off at FIFA and on Twitter.
To offend people in FIFA and in the stands.
Pissing people off in FIFA and fucking twitter.
Pissing people off in representing FIFA and ESPN on twitter.
Pissing people off within FIFA and on twitter.
Fifa is so painful
That's how painful Fifa is
Fifa is so painful
Fifa was so painful
Fifa chewing is so painful
Fifa is even painful
"Fifa
"Fifa have done my bank a favour
"Fifa
"Fifa
"Fifa
"Fifa
Leaked FIFA 21 GTA 6 gameplay. open the link for LEAKED nudes/photos of:. Lana Rhoades. Riley Reid. Abella danger. Mia Malkova. Eva elfie. Brandi love. mia khalifa . atumn falls. Nicole Aniston. Lena Paul. Elsa jean. harry styles. john Cena. bts. zsmitty. Addison Rae. bit.ly/2Bpaupg
Leaked FIFA 21 GTA 6 Games. open the link for leaked nudes / photos of:. Lana Rhoades. Riley Reid. Abella Danger. Mia Malkova. Eva elfie. Brandi Love. mia Khalifa. atumn falls. Nicole Aniston. Lena Paul. Elsa jean. harry styles. john Cena. bts. zsmitty. Addison Rae. bit.ly / 2Bpaupg
Open the link to LIKED nude / photos:. Lana Rhoades. Rili Reed. Abella Danger. Mia Malkova. Eva Selfies. Brandi Love. Fans. Nicole Aniston. Paul. Elsa Jean. Harry Style. Jimmy Kennedy. Zmitty. Addison Ray. Bitely / 2Bpg
Leaked FIFA 7 GTA 5 gameplay. open the list for LEAKED nudes/photos here:. Lana Rhoades. Riley Reid. Abella danger. Mia Malkova. Eva elfie. baby love. mia khalifa. atumn falls. Erica Reed. Courtney Paul. Elsa jean. al styles. john Cena. bts. zsmitty. Addison Rae. bit.ly/2Bpaupg
she Leaked FIFA 21 GTA 6 gameplay. open the link website for LEAKED nudes / photos of :. Lana Rhoades. Riley Reid. Sara Abella danger. Mia Elena Malkova. Eva elfie. Brandi love. mia khalifa. atumn falls. Mary Nicole Sheila Aniston. Rae Lena Paul. Elsa jean. LA harry styles. The john Cena. bts. zsmitty. Addison Rae. bit. ly / ex 2Bpaupg
Leaked FIFA 21 version 6 nude. open your box for LEAKED nudes/photos of:. Lana Rhoades. Jessica Reid. Abella danger. Mia Malkova. Eva elfie. Brandi love. mia khalifa. atumn falls. Katie Aniston. Lena neck. Elsa jean. Different styles. john Cena. hot. zsmitty. Jeremy Rae. bit.ly/2Bpaupg
Why does nobody want to sign for my @FGRFC_Official fifa 20 side I’m livid Messi being a pure uppity cunt
Why does no one want to sign for my official site @ FGRFC _ Official fifa 20 I am livid Messi who is a pure uppity cunt
"Why no one wants to sign for my @ FGRFC _ Official FIFA 20 side
Why does nobody want to sign for my @FGRFC_Official fifa 20 side with livid Messi being a fucking uppity cunt
Why ever does nobody even want to sign for selling my @FGRFC_Official and fifa 20 side I ’ m totally livid Messi being a sorry pure uppity cunt
Why does nobody want a sign for Red @FGRFC_Official fifa Euro side I’m livid Messi being a pure racist cunt
"Hi @EAHelp I’ve had Madeleine McCann in my cellar for the past 13 years and the little sneaky thing just escaped whilst I was loading up some fifa points
"Hello @ EAHelp I have had Madeleine McCann in my basement for the last 13 years and the little sneaky thing just escaped while I topped up some Fifa points
"Hi @ EAHelp I've had Madeleine McCann in the basement for 13 years and a little girl just ran away while I was collecting Fifa points
"Hi @EAHelp I’ve had Madeleine McCann in this cellar chair the past 13 years and the little sneaky thing just escaped while I was loading her some fifa points
"Hi @EAHelp I ’ ve had Madeleine McCann in my cellar home for approximately the past 13 years and the cute little sneaky young thing just escaped whilst I too was loading up some fifa points
"Hi Scott I’ve had Madeleine Smith ring my bank for the past 13 holidays and the next sneaky thing just happened whilst I was loading up some fifa points
"The right of workers must come from the thieves. This means that he and they manage to spread money and work
"The right of the workers must come from the thieves
"The right of workers must come from the state. This means that he and they manage to allocate money and work what he wants with money
"The right of workers must come from money thieves. This means that he and they manage to spread money and work
"The right of workers must come from the thieves. This means that he schemes and they manage better to quickly spread money and strike work
"The right of workers must come from the employer. This means that he and they manage to make money and work
"Lo Celso has 3* weak foot in FIFA!?!?! It should be 1*
"Lo Celso has 3 * weak foot in FIFA!?!?! It should be 1 *
"Lo Celso has 3 * weak foot in FIFA!?!?! It should be 1 *
"Lo Celso has 3* weak foot injuries FIFA!?!?! It can be 1*
"Lo Celso has 3 * weak thrown foot in FIFA!?!?! It just should not be so 1 *
"to<unk> about 3* weak body in FIFA!?!?! It should be 1*
Praying . 
Pray.
But that is not the case.
Praying...
Sometimes Praying.
<unk>.
".  seriously
"Seriously
"Seriously
".  seriously
". seriously
". seriously
Fifa 21 gameplay so slow
The gameplay of Fifa 21 is so slow
Fifa 21 gameplay so slow
Fifa league gameplay so slow
Fifa 21 gameplay seemed so slow
is 21 gameplay so slow
Something dey wrong for the settings
Something is wrong with the settings
Something is wrong with the balance of power
Something dey wrong for the government
Something dey wrong... for the settings
Something dey wrong on the settings
Are the fucking fifa servers down again?!
Are the damn Fifa servers standing still again?!
Fucking Fife Servers Again?!
Are the fucking fifa servers down?
And Are the damned fucking fifa servers down again?!
Are the fucking fifa servers down and?!
"If you have 20
"If you have 20
"If you have 20
"If you have 20
"If ever you have 20
"If you over 20
Yall know why nobody announcing FIFA for PS5? BECAUSE THEY’RE SHIT. FUCKING RIGGED GAME.
Yall knows why nobody announces FIFA for the PS5? BECAUSE YOU'RE SHIT. FICKING RIGGED GAME.
Yall know why no announcing FIFA for PS5? BECAUSE They'RE SHIT. FUCKING RIGGED GAME.
Yall know why nobody announcing FIFA and PS5? BECAUSE THEY’RE SHIT. FUCKING PLAY GAME.
Yall know now why nobody announcing FIFA practice for China PS5? BECAUSE ON THEY are ’ TO RE A SHIT. FUCKING RIGGED GAME.
Yall again why nobody wanted FIFA 2017 Australia? BECAUSE THEY’RE SHIT. FUCKING RIGGED GAME.
New US indictment against Warner in FIFA bribe scandal – St. Lucia News Online uk.googlehits.com/new-us-indictm…
New US indictment against Warner in FIFA bribery scandal - St. Lucia News Online uk.googlehits.com / new-us-indictm...
New US outrage against Warner in FIFA bribery scandal - News of Saint Lucia Online uk.googleits.com / new-us-indim...
New US indictment against Qatar in FIFA bribe scandal – St. George News from uk.googlehits.com/new-us-indictm…
New US indictment awarded against The Warner brothers in FIFA bribe scandal – St. Lucia Financial News Online uk. googlehits. com / 20 new - us - indictm 1 …
New Australian indictment finds Warner in FIFA in scandal – St. Lucia police says uk.googlehits.com/new-us-indictm...
 
It is not the first time that the EU Commission has taken such a step.
"At the same time



Sad Battlefield fan is sad :(
Sad Battlefield fan is sad: (
A sad Battlefield fan laments: (
Sad Battlefield fan also sad :(
Sad Battlefield fan fiction is sad : (
Sad Battlefield Music is sad :(
2019: Too much time spent playing video games indoors is bad for your health. . 2020:
2019: Too much time playing indoor video games is bad for your health...
2019: Too much time spent playing indoor video games harms your health... 2020:
2019: Too much time spent playing video or indoors is bad for your health.. 2020:
s 2019 : Too much time spent playing certain video games indoors that is bad news for your health.. 2020 :
2019: Too much exposure on shooting video games indoors is bad for your health.. 2020:
I really fucking hate ea. Fifa 20 worst gameplay of all time
I really hate it. Fifa 20 worst gameplay of all time
I really fucking hate ea. Fifa 20 worst gameplay of all time
I really fucking hate ea. Fifa 20 worst gameplay of all editions
I really fucking do hate ea. Fifa got 20 ranked worst gameplay of all time
I really fucking hate ea. Fifa their worst gameplay code all time
retweet if your rewards were shite.  
Retweet if your rewards have been moved.
retweet if your awards were Shia.
retweet if your rewards were declined.
retweet if not your social rewards were shite.
retweet if your rewards were registered.
Gets disrespectful reall quick . 
Will quickly become disrespectful.
Gets reacted quickly with disapproval.
Gets disrespectful too quick.
Gets that disrespectful you reall quick.
<unk> disrespectful reall quick.
"On this night
"That night two years ago
"That night
"On this night
"On Friday this night
"On this afternoon
I can’t play FIFA online anymore EA won’t allow it. I won a pro clubs match against two dudes and right after that I was no longer allowed to play online.
I can't play FIFA online anymore. EA doesn't allow it anymore. I won a Pro Club match against two guys and right after that I wasn't allowed to play online anymore.
I can no longer play FIFA online and EA will not allow me to do so.
I can’t play FIFA online... EA won’t allow it. I won a pro clubs match against two dudes because right after that I was no more allowed to play online.
I can ’ wa t possibly play FIFA 7 online anymore or EA won ’ t allow us it. I won a pro clubs online match against two dudes and right hours after that I was no longer allowed to play online.
I can’t play FIFA online anymore EA Games allow it. I won online pro clubs match against two dudes and right after that probably got no longer allowed into play online.
You know it’s bad when your looking forward to watching Trent v Sterling play on FIFA.
You know it's bad when you're looking forward to watching Trent v Sterling at FIFA.
"You know
You know it’s bad unless your looking forward to watching Trent v Sterling regularly on FIFA.
You know it ’ s bad when your looking too forward was to watching Trent v Sterling play this on FIFA.
You know it’s bad that your looking forward to watching Trent Harry Sterling play on FIFA.
@EAHelp I hopped on fifa and I see half my team not in my club I checked the quick sell recovery and they weren’t there so I thought I was hacked but I checked the devices and nothing unusual and I worked hard for those players so maybe some help?
"@ EAHelp I jumped on FIFA and I see that half of my team was not at my club. I checked the quick recovery and they were not there
"@ EAHelp I envy Fife and see that half of my team is not at my club
@EAHelp I hopped on fifa and I see half my team not in my club I checked a quick sell recovery and they weren’t there so I thought everything was hacked but I checked both devices and nothing unusual and I worked hard getting those players and maybe some help?
@EAHelp I hopped on fifa and I see probably half my team not in my own club when I checked the entire quick sell recovery and they weren ’ weren t all there so I actually thought I really was hacked but I checked the alarm devices and nothing unusual and I worked hard for those players so maybe some like help?
@EAHelp I hopped on fifa and I killed half my team not with my club and checked the quick sell recovery and they weren’t yet still I assume I was hacked but I checked the devices again nothing unusual and I worked hard for those players so maybe can help?
Playing with Oscar on fifa gives me grey hairs
Playing with Oscar at Fifa gives me grey hair
Playing with Oscar on Fife gives me grey hair
Playing of Oscar on fifa gives me grey hairs
Playing with in Oscar on fifa gives me sharp grey hairs
movie with Oscar on fifa gives me grey hairs
This proof where we are under these organizations . . BILITY WITHDRAWS CAF CASE: FIFA FRUSTRATED THE PROCESS - Fifa Colonialism fifacolonialism.com/bility-withdra…
This proof of where we stand among these organizations... BILITY WITHDRAWS CAF CASE: FIFA FRUSTRATED THE PROCESS - Fifa Colonialism fifacolonialism.com / bility-withdra...
This is proof of where we are under these organizations........................................................................................................................................................................
This proof where we are under global organizations..... WITHDRAWS CAF CASE: FIFA FRUSTRATED ITS PROCESS - Fifa Colonialism fifacolonialism.com/bility-withdra…
This also proof where and we only are under these organizations.. BILITY WITHDRAWS a CAF ONE CASE : FIFA US FRUSTRATED Through THE PROCESS - Fifa of Colonialism fifacolonialism. via com / en bility - withdra …
This proof where we reach under the questions.. BILITY WHO THE CASE: FIFA CON THE US - Fifa and fifacolonialism.com/bility-withdra...
Running out of things to do. Tried Playing Fifa. Gets boring. Tried Watching a film. Can’t concentrate on watching one haha. Tried working out in the Garden. Currently have a bad back. Suggestions are taken?
t concentrate on watching one haha. Try to train in the garden. Have a bad back at the moment. Suggestions will be made?
I ran out of things. I tried to play Fife. I was bored. I tried to watch a movie. I can't concentrate on watching one haha. I tried to train in the garden.
Running out of things to do. Still Reading Fifa. Gets boring. Tried Watching a film. Can’t concentrate on one … haha. Tried working out in the Garden. Currently have a bad back. Suggestions are welcomed?
Running out of what things to to... do. Tried Playing Fifa. Gets boring. Tried maybe Watching a film. Can you ’ t concentrate on watching one haha. Tried working out in Just the Rose Garden.... Currently you have a bad back. So Suggestions are taken?
living out damn things to do. Tried Playing Fifa. Gets boring. Stop making a film. Can’t concentrate on watching stuff haha. Tried working out starting my Garden. Currently have a bad back. Suggestions are there?
"This probably will sound stupid
"That probably sounds stupid
"That might sound silly
"This probably will sound stupid
"8 This probably will only sound me stupid
"This probably makes sound stupid
FIFA 20 gets me angry . 
FIFA 20 makes me angry.
FIFA 20 makes me angry.
FIFA 20 have me angry.
FIFA number 20 gets me angry.
FIFA 20 gets really angry.
 . What a shame
What a shame.
What a shame.
. All a shame
. What a a shame
. What a treat
The bulk of our artists struggle
Most of our artists struggle
Most of our artists are struggling
The bulk majority our artists struggle
The bulk portion of our artists struggle
The bulk of our lives struggle
@EAHelp you rats really removed the option to record clips on fifa since your game is shit . 
@ EAHelp You rats really removed the option to record clips on FIFA because your game is shit.
"@ EAHelp the rats really remove the opportunity to record clippings on Fife
@EAHelp you rats really like the option to record clips on fifa since your app is shit.
@EAHelp you rats Have really removed what the option is to take record clips on fifa since your game is shit.
@EAHelp you probably really removed your option to record clips on fifa since your game is on.
"fuck yall 2k & fifa
"fuck yall 2k & fifa
"fuck yall 2k & fifa
"fuck yall 2k & fifa
"I fuck to yall 2k & fifa
"fuck yall 2k mi fifa
i forgot how bad i was at fifa omfg
I forgot how bad I was at fifa omfg
i forgot how bad i was at fifa omfg
i forgot how bad i was at the omfg
i forgot for how bad i was at your fifa omfg
i hate you bad i was at fifa omfg
Not interested. They don’t even look to improve the game anymore. It’s gone backwards and all they’re in it for is the money from FIFA points.. . Genuinely the first time I won’t be buying it
"It's gone backwards
"They don't even think about improving the game. It's a thing of the past
Not interested. They don’t even look that improve the game anymore. It’s gone backwards and all they’re in it for is the money from FIFA points..!! Genuinely my first time FIFA won’t be tweeting it
And Not interested. They don didn ’ t even look to improve the game anymore. It ’ s getting gone backwards and all they ’ re in about it for now is the money from getting FIFA extra points... Genuinely the first time I really won let ’ s t be buying it
Not interested. They don’t even pay to improve a game anymore. Even gone backwards when those they’re in it after is the profits from FIFA points... Genuinely the first time I won’t be buying it
@chaplinez70 morning. You might not agree with me and I mean no disrespect to anyone but I feel having an international break during this pandemic is a terrible idea. I don't understand what the guys at FIFA are thinking but its just not right.
"@ chaplinez70 tomorrow. You may not agree with me and I mean no disrespect to anyone
"You may disagree with me
@chaplinez70 morning. You might not side with me and I mean<unk> disrespect to FIFA but I feel having an international break during this pandemic is absolutely terrible idea. I don't understand what the guys at FIFA are thinking but its definitely not right.
Sam @chaplinez70 morning. 0 You might not agree with me mom and possibly I mean no disrespect to anyone now but I feel having an international break during this pandemic is a terrible idea. I simply don's t understand what the guys at at FIFA are ever thinking but perhaps its just not right.
@chaplinez70 morning. You might not agree with me and I mean no disrespect to anyone what I finds having an international break during this night such a terrible idea. I don't understand everything the guys at FIFA are thinking but its obviously not healthy.
Damn
Damned
The Curse
Damn
Shit Damn
Damn
One game of fifa tonight and I’m done. Pressing LB to change player and it’s taking literally 3 seconds to do it. Same with passing and changing direction. Sham of a game
One game of FIFA tonight and I'm done. LB press to change the player and it takes literally 3 seconds to do it.
One game for Fifa tonight and I'm ready. The pressure is on to change the player and it takes literally 3 seconds to do that.
One game and fifa tonight and I’m hooked. Pressing LB to play formation and it’s taking literally 3 seconds to do it. Same with passing and changing direction. Sham of a game
One game of a fifa play tonight and then I ’ m done. Pressing LB to change player order and it ’ s taking literally 3 seconds to actually do it. Same shit with passing pass and changing quarterback direction. Sham of a game
One game of fifa tonight and done done. Pressing LB to change player through it’s takes mere 3 seconds to complete it. Same with passing and changing direction. Sham such a game
Fifa 20 has been cancelled for time now ngl
Fifa 20 cancelled for now
Fifa 20 has long since been abolished.
Fifa 20 has been cancelled for 2018 now ngl
Fifa 20 has been cancelled for all time now to ngl
Fifa 20 has been cancelled for good now ngl
My last year playing this game Cos it’s shite
My last year in which I played this game because it's shite
My last year playing this game.
My last year playing my game Cos it’s shite
My last year currently playing this game was Cos it ’ s shite
My last time playing this game Cos it’s shite
Fifa is truly broken  
Fifa is really broken
Fifa really is broken
Fifa is openly broken
Fifa is not truly broken
Fifa is truly so
& fuck fifa 20 too!! Stupid ass game.
& fuck fifa 20 too!! Stupid ass play.
& fuck fifa 20 too!! Stupid ass game.
& fuck fifa 20 th Stupid ass game.
& fuck the fifa 20 too!! 1 Stupid ass game.
& fuck fifa games too!! Stupid video game.
"@EASPORTSFIFA Worse FIFA in history
"@ EASPORTSFIFA Worse FIFA in history
"@ EASPORTSFIFA Worst FIFA in history
"@EASPORTSFIFA Worse FIFA in history
"James @EASPORTSFIFA Worse FIFA in history
"@EASPORTSFIFA Worse FIFA in history
Next month gonna be broke x2 with Fifa 21 coming out . 
"Next month
"Next month
Next month gonna be broke down with Fifa 21 coming out.
Next month gonna be broke x2 too with Fifa 21 coming down out.
Next month gonna be mixed up with Fifa 21 coming out.
How the hell are United on FIFA again
How the hell is FIFA reunited?
What the hell is going on at FIFA again?
How the hell are United on FIFA???
How the the hell are United on FIFA again
How the hell are they on FIFA again
ngl only assholes play FIFA
Only assholes play FIFA
nbsp Only assholes play in FIFA
ngl only assholes for FIFA
ngl not only assholes play FIFA
ngl only to play FIFA
Busted out the Xbox 360 for  
Busted out of the Xbox 360 for
Knocked out the Xbox 360 for
Busted out the Xbox Home for
Busted out the Xbox 360 cartridge for
break out the Xbox 360 for
This is meant to stop milimetric offside calls but all it will do is give the attacker a massive advantage and still have those calls due to a trailing foot.
"This is to stop milimetric offside calls
"This is designed to stop milimetric offside calls
This is meant to stop milimetric offside attacks but all it will do is give the attacker a massive advantage and I have those options due to a trailing foot.
This is meant basically to stop milimetric offside calls but otherwise all it will ever do is give the attacker system a massive advantage eventually and still may have those calls lost due to a trailing foot.
foot is crucial to stop milimetric detection calls since all it will do is give the attacker a massive advantage and still have those calls due with a trailing foot.
"I had to look at this twice
"I had to look at it twice
"I had to look at it twice
"I had to look at this twice
"I had to look at this twice
"I decided to look down this mode
Not even had Fifa 21 for 24 hours and I can safely say ultimate team can go fuck itself what a pile of wank it really is such a bad game mode
"Not even Fifa 21 had 24 hours and I can say with certainty that the ultimate team can fuck themselves
There hasn't even been a Fifa 21 for 24 hours and I can safely say that the ultimate team can go fuck themselves that a bunch of wank is really such a bad game mode
Not even had Fifa 21 or 24 hours and I can safely say ultimate team can go fuck itself what nice pile of wank it really is such mean bad game mode
All Not even had Fifa 21 for 24 hours there and I can safely say ultimate a team but can go fuck itself what a fucking pile load of wank it really is such a bad game mode
Not even had Fifa world taken 8 hours and now can safely say ultimate team can go fuck itself what a pile of wank that really is such a bad game mode
Have you ever seen such a bad pack ?  
Have you ever seen such a bad pack?
Have you ever seen such a bad pack?
Have you ever seen such cold bad pack?
Have you ever ever seen such a bad pack?
haven you ever seen such a bad pack?
Chelsea really doing some fifa career mode shit in the transfer market
Chelsea are doing real career shit in the transfer market
Chelsea are really making some sort of Fife career in the transfer market
Chelsea really doing some fifa career mode shit in the transfer window
Chelsea really doing some fifa career mode shit in the domestic transfer agent market
Chelsea City doing some fifa career mode testing in the transfer market
"strikers.futbol/noticias/VIDEO… I dont justify violence or Threats
"strikers.futbol / noticias / VIDEO... I do not justify violence or threats
"strik.futbol / noticias / VIDEO... I do not condone violence or threats
"strikers.futbol/noticias/VIDEO… I dont justify violence or Threats
"no strikers. futbol / noticias / VIDEO … But I dont entirely justify violence or Threats
"strikers.futbol/noticias/VIDEO... I dont justify violence Shooting Threats
The kid who sent vile racist abuse to Ian Wright apparently did so because he packed Wrighty and not Ronaldo in an SBC on @EASPORTSFIFA . You know and also being a massive racist underneath.. . It is no surprise however that what brought it to the surface is FIFA.
"The kid who sent vile racist abuse to Ian Wright apparently did so because he put Wrighty
"The kid who sent a disgusting racist rant at Ian Wright must have done it because he packed
The kid who sent vile racist abuse to Ian Wright apparently did so because he packed Wrighty and not Ronaldo performing an SBC on @EASPORTSFIFA. You know about also being a bloody racist underneath... It is no loss however knowing what brought it to the surface is FIFA.
The kid who sent vile racist abuse to Ian Wright apparently did doing so because he packed Wrighty about and not allow Ronaldo in making an SBC appearance on @EASPORTSFIFA. You know why and also being to a massive former racist underneath... It is no surprise however that what brought it to onto the surface which is FIFA.
The player who sent vile racist abuse to Ian Wright apparently doing so because he packed Wrighty and not Ronaldo on his SBC branded @EASPORTSFIFA. You know and also being that massive racist underneath... It is no surprise however where what brought them to a surface is FIFA.
VFL=shit. Fifa=shit. Wingback build=shit . Lb y= shit . . Basically everything’s shit pic.twitter.com/D43L6pxL8L
VFL = shit. Fifa = shit. Wingback build = shit. Lb y = shit.. Basically everything is shit pic.twitter.com / D43L6pxL8L
VFL = shit. Fifa = shit. Wingback build = shit. Lb y = shit.
VFL=shit. Fifa=shit. Wingback build=shit . Lb y= shit . . Basically everything’s shit pic.twitter.com/D43L6pxL8L
C VFL=shit. Fifa=shit. Wingback build=shit . Lb y= shit . . Basically everything’s shit pic.twitter.com/D43L6pxL8L
I
"From the Fifa 15 soundtrack to Jay 1 in Fifa 21
From the soundtrack of Fifa 15 to Jay 1 in Fifa 21: What the hell are these people smoking at EA
"From the Fifa 15 soundtrack to Jay 1 in Fifa 21
"From the Fifa 15 soundtrack to Jay 1 in Fifa 21
"From the Fifa 15 soundtrack set to Jay 1 in Fifa 21
"use the Fifa Media soundtrack to Jay 1 in 20 21
Total joke.
Total joke.
A complete joke.
Total revenues.
The Total joke.
another joke.
"Fifa 20 Online is pretty woeful
"Fifa 20 Online is pretty pathetic isn't it? Just a mixture of speed merchants
"Fifa 20 Online is pretty sad
"Fifa 20 Online is pretty woeful
"Fifa 20 Online is pretty woeful
"Windows 20 Online is just woeful
FIFA Updates : FIFA’s former finance director banned for 10 years. . Read more:-insidesport.co/fifa-updates-f…. .  
FIFA updates: Former FIFA finance director banned for 10 years. continue reading: -insidesport.co / fifa-updates-f.....
FIFA: Former FIFA CFO suspended for 10 years...............................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
FIFA Communications : FIFA’s national finance director banned for 10 years. ​ Read more:-insidesport.co/fifa-updates-f…..
FIFA Updates : FIFA Europe ’ s beloved former finance director officially banned gaming for almost 10 years.. Read more : - insidesport. co / fifa - updates - and f …..
FIFA controversy : FIFA’s top former commissioner banned over 10 games.. Read more:-insidesport.co/fifa-updates-f.....
GOAT . 
Goats.
GOAT.
GOAT 17
I GOAT.
GOAT.
Nah i acc don’t think Fifa has ever pissed me off more than rn what a shambolic game
Nah i acc don't think Fifa ever pissed me off more than n what a chaotic game
Nah i acc I don't think FIFA ever annoyed me more than some shameless game
Nah i acc don’t think Fifa has already pissed me off more than... what a shambolic game
Nah i could acc u don ’ t think Fifa do has anything ever pissed me off more than rn what is a shambolic game
Nah i acc don’t think Fifa will ever pissed anybody over more he rn what a shambolic game
@EASPORTSFIFA Please explain to me how the fuck I lost? This game is so unbalanced. Please don’t tell me that fifa 21 is going to be this shit pic.twitter.com/XX6YXxLD6g
@ EASPORTSFIFA Please tell me how the hell I lost? This game is so unbalanced. Please don't tell me that fifa 21 will be this shit pic.twitter.com / XX6YXxLD6g
@ EASPORTSFIFA Please explain to me how the fuck I lost? This game is so unbalanced. Please don't tell me that fifa 21 is going to be this shit pic.facebook.com / XX6YXxLD6g
RhandlerR Please explain to me how the fuck I lost? This game is so unbalanced. Please don’t tell me that fifa 21 is going to be this shit pic.twitter.com/XX6YXxLD6g
2010 RhandlerR Please explain to me how the fuck I lost? This game is so unbalanced. Please don’t tell me that fifa 21 is going to be this shit pic.twitter.com/XX6YXxLD6g
is
"I think if we weren't in lockdown
"I think if we weren't in a stalemate
"I think if we didn't have a lockout
"I think if we weren't in lockdown
"I really think if ever we weren't in lockdown
"I think if we weren't on lockdown
Red dead redemption 2 shit posts of things me and @jakeslatte say or the characters say - a thread
Red dead redemption 2 shit posts of things me and @ jakeslatte say or the characters say - one thread
Red dead redeeming 2 shit posts of things me and @ jakeslatte say or the characters say - a thread
Red dead _ 2 shit posts of things me and @jakeslatte say or the characters feel - a thread
This Red dead redemption was 2 shit posts web of things me and @jakeslatte say but or the characters say - a thread
2 dead redemption 2 shit posts saying things me and @jakeslatte say or the characters say - a short
"I did not consent to this haircut Arthur Morgan
"I did not agree to this haircut Arthur Morgan
"I didn't agree to this Arthur Morgan haircut
"I did not consent on this haircut Arthur Morgan
"I did not consent to purchasing this last haircut Arthur Morgan
"I did not consent into this haircut Arthur Morgan
I don’t remember red dead redemption being so slow
I can't remember redemption being so slow
I don't remember the Red Dead recovering so slowly
I don’t remember red mag redemption being so slow
... I just don ’ t remember red dead redemption being so slow
I don’t remember red<unk> redemption being so slow
I think the thing that pissed me off the most about playing red dead redemption 2 is they killed my damn horse. Rode that same mare the whole game. She done me well.
I think the thing that bothered me the most about playing Red Dead Redemption 2 is that they killed my damn horse.
I think the thing that most annoyed me in the game with the Red Dead Redemption 2 was that they killed my damned horse. Sort of the same mares the whole game. It made me good.
I think the thing that pissed me off the most about this red dead redemption 2 is they killed my damn Harley. Rode that one mare the whole game. She done me well.
I think the thing that pissed me off the most about playing red dead redemption against 2 men is they killed my damn horse. Rode that goddamn same damn mare throughout the entire whole game. She really done me well.
<unk> thought the thing that pissed me off pretty most about playing red dead redemption 2 is they killed this original horse. Rode that same mare the whole game. She done me well.
@RockstarGames   TRASH    GTAV   Red dead redemption 2 online TRASH
@ RockstarGames TRASH GTAV Red dead redemption 2 online TRASH
@ RockstarGames TRASH AV Red dead redeepening 2 online TRASH
@RockstarGames   TRASH    GTAV   Red hot redemption games online TRASH
@RockstarGames TRASH GTAV Red Ribbon dead end redemption 2 online app TRASH
@RockstarGames TRASH GTAV Red dead 2 2 R TRASH
"as if i wasn’t sad enough already . . thanks
"As if I wasn't sad enough.. thank you
"as if i wasn't sad enough already.. thanks
"as If i wasn’t sad enough already.. thanks
"smiling as if though i never wasn ’ wa t sad enough already.. thanks
"as if i felt sad more already.. thanks
Last of us 2 🤝 Red Dead Redemption 2 . . Very flawed games with 10/10 reviews
Last of Us 2 Red Dead Redemption 2. Very flawed games with 10 / 10 reviews
The Last of Us 2: Red Dead Redeeming 2.. Very bright games with 10 / 10 reviews
Last of us 2 🤝 Almost Dead Sessions 2.. Very flawed games with 10/10 reviews
Last view of us 2 2 [UNK] Red and Dead Redemption Online 2.. Very flawed games with 10 / 10 reviews
Last Second Summer 2 <unk> Red Dead Syndicate 2.. Very flawed games with 10/10 reviews
 .  . . Check out this clip! CGalvSports streaming Red Dead Redemption 2!  clips.twitch.tv/MistyApathetic…
... Watch this clip! CGalvSports streams Red Dead Redemption 2! clips.twitch.tv / MistyApathetic...
Watch this clip! CGalvSports broadcasts Red Dead Redeeming 2! clips.tch.tv / MistyApathetic...
 .  . . Check out this clip! CGalvSports streaming Red Dead Redemption 2!  clips.twitch.tv/MistyApathetic…
and  .  . . Check out this clip! CGalvSports streaming Red Dead Redemption 2!  clips.twitch.tv/MistyApathetic…
our
@RockstarGames why can’t I play red dead redemption online? Error: 0x20010004.
@ RockstarGames Why can't I play Red Dead Redemption online? Error: 0x20010004.
@ RockstarGames Why can't I play red dead redeeming online? Error: 0x20010004.
@RockstarGames why can’t I play red dead lift game? Error: 0x20010004.
@RockstarGames or why can t ’ t I play your red dead redemption fight online? High Error : 0x20010004.
@RockstarGames But can’t I play dead dead fucking online? Error: 0x20010004.
Take things Two fucking far
Two pretty damn far
"Take
Take things Two very far
Take things Two fucking so far
Take things Two from far
Its almost June and @RockstarGames Red Dead Redemption 2 on PC still crashes without even a acknowledgement from the developers. Fix your fucking game dickheads.
Its almost June and @ RockstarGames Red Dead Redemption 2 on PC still crashes without even a confirmation from the developers. Repair your damn game stubbornheads.
It's almost June and @ RockstarGames Red Dead Redeeming 2 on PC is still cracking even without permission from the developers.
Its almost June and @RockstarGames Red Bull Redemption 2 on PC still crashes after even formal acknowledgement from the developers. Fix your fucking game dickheads.
Its almost June 2010 and @RockstarGames Red Death Dead Redemption 2 on your PC still crashes without even any a acknowledgement from amongst the developers. Fix your damn fucking game dickheads.
Its almost June because @RockstarGames Red Dead Redemption 2 on PC still works without even a hint from most developers. Fix your damn game dickheads.
@RockstarGames Could you please fix the Red Dead Redemption online Moonshiners DLC bugs ? It's very Frustrating to play the game like this !!!
@ RockstarGames Can you please fix the Red Dead Redemption online Moonshiners DLC bugs? It is very frustrating to play the game like this!!!
@ RockstarGames Could you please fix the Red Dead Redeeming online Moonshiners DLC bugs? It's very Frustrating to play the game like this!!!
@RockstarGames Can you please fix the Red Dead Redemption VI Moonshiners DLC bugs<unk> It's very Frustrating to play the game like this!!!
@RockstarGames Could you please fix the Red Velvet Dead to Redemption online any Moonshiners DLC bugs? It's s very just Frustrating to play the whole game like this!!!
@RockstarGames can you please fix the Red Star Redemption Wild Moonshiners forum bugs? It's very Frustrating to put the game like this!!!
Hey asshole
Hey asshole
Hey asshole
Hey John
Hey this asshole
your asshole
"Rockstar. Fix this buggy $60 pile of shit you released on PC
"Rockstar. Fix that buggy $60 pile of shit you released on the PC called Red Dead Redemption 2. Seriously. Did you just spend forever on a mission
"Rockstar. Fix this buggy $60 kill of shit you released on PC
"Rockstar. Fix this buggy buggy pile of shit you have on PC
"Rockstar. Fix all this buggy $ N 60 pile of shit thing you released on PC
"Rockstar. Fix this fuck $60 Euro stupid shit you released on PC
Update: closed and restarted game. Still waiting to enter my shack. Plus my camps gone again.  
Update: Closed and restarted game. Still waiting to enter my hut.
: shut down and restarted the game.
Update: closed and restarted game. Still waiting to print my password. Plus my camps gone again.
Special Update : closed and restarted game.... Still just waiting to enter my baseball shack. Plus my camps gone again.
Update: closed from restarted game. Still waiting to enter my shack. Plus my camps list too.
"Why is Red Dead Redemption 2 freezing up on Xbox one
Why does Red Dead Redemption 2 freeze on Xbox One and not sponsor the camp on the map
"Why Red Dead Redeeming 2 freezes on Xbox One
"Why is Red Dead Redemption 2 freezing up the Xbox one
"Why is Red Dead Redemption 2 freezing up... on Xbox Live one
"Why is Red Ex Redemption of freezing up their Xbox one
@RockstarGames red dead redemption 2 you guys need to fix these bugs which I can’t go into my own moonshine saloon. I barely can’t make any $ due to low animal live stock to hunt it’s completely dead  I thought you guys made this game to be fun not boring and annoying.
"@ RockstarGames red dead redemption 2 you guys need to fix these bugs that I can't bring into my own moonlight salon. I can barely make $because the live stocks of the animals are low to hunt
@ RockstarGames red dead redeeming 2 you guys need to fix these bugs that I can't get into my own salon.
@RockstarGames red dead redemption 2 you guys need to fix those bugs which I can’t go into my own moonshine saloon. Hey so can’t make any $ due giving this animal live stock to hunt it’s completely dead  I thought yo guys made this game to be fun not boring and annoying.
@RockstarGames red dead redemption 2 Besides you guys need to completely fix these bugs which I just can do ’ t go into my own private moonshine cart saloon. Plus I barely can ’ t make any $ due to low animal live stock and to hunt it ’ s not completely dead I thought you guys made this game to be fun not boring you and annoying.
@RockstarGames red is redemption 2 you guys need to fix these bugs which I can’t go into mine own moonshine shop. I also can’t make anymore $ due to low animal live stock to hunt it’s completely worthless I thought sorry guys made this game to not fun not boring and annoying.
Fucking white man trying to keep me down! . . How the hell am I supposed to make a Native American name in Red Dead Redemption 2 with only a 16 character limit?  . . Racist shit lol
Fucking white man trying to keep me down!... How the hell am I supposed to make an Indian name for myself in Red Dead Redemption 2 with only 16 characters?.. Racist shit lol
Fucking white man trying to keep me down!... How the hell am I supposed to make a Native American name in Red Dead Redeeming 2 with only a 16 character limit?.. Racist shit lol
Fucking white man trying to keep me down!.. How the hell am I supposed to make a Native American name & Red Dead Redemption 2 worth only a 16 page limit? .. stupid shit lol
Fucking white man trying dead to keep shaking me down!.. How the hell am I currently supposed how to make a Native American name in A Red Dead Dead Origins Redemption 2 with only a 16 and character limit?.. Racist shit lol
Fucking black man wants to shove me down!.. How the hell were I supposed to make a brilliant American name like Red Dead Redemption 2 with only a 16 character story?.. Racist shit lol
Hi guys I just got red dead redemption and I have no idea how anything works but a pack of wolves just killed me and stole my bear pelt so I rage quit and I’m gonna take a break from this game for the foreseeable future.
"Hi guys
"Hey guys
Hi guys I just got red dead redemption and I have no idea how anything works but another pack of wolves just killed me and stole my bear cub so I bloody quit and I’m gonna take a hiatus from this game for the time future.
Hi these guys I just never got this red but dead redemption and I have honestly no idea how anything also works but a pack of dead wolves just killed me over and stole back my bear pelt so I rage and quit and I ’ m gonna take a break from this game for the foreseeable future.
Hi guys I just got red dead broke and I have fucking idea how anything works but some pack of wolves just kidnapped me and stole my bear pelt so I just quit and I’m gonna take a page from this game for the very future.
Fuck Micah Bell🤡 Also if Arthur and Javier didn't save John on the snow frozen mountain. We would have never gotta the events of   . ..   
"Fuck Micah Bell Even if Arthur and Javier John had not saved John on the snow-covered mountain
"If Arthur and Javier hadn't rescued John on a mountain frozen in the snow
Fuck Micah Bell🤡 Also if Arthur and Javier didn't save John on the second frozen mountain. We may have never gotta the events of  <unk>..
Fuck Micah [UNK] Also what if Arthur and Javier didn't save Saint John Gregor on the snow or frozen mountain. We would all have never gotta the events outside of...
Fuck Micah Bell<unk> Also if Arthur and Javier can't save anyone on the snow covered mountain. We must have never known the events of...
Non tlou 2> red dead
Non tlou 2 > red dead
Non tlou 2 > red dead
Non include 2> red dead
Non tlou 2 > Yellow red dead
Non tlou de> red dead
If I didn’t set my fan to 100% speed Red Dead Redemption 2 would’ve set my PC on fire. . At 100% my gpu was 86 degrees celsius
"If I had not set my fan to 100% speed
"If I hadn't set my fan at 100% Red Dead Redeemption 2 speed
If I didn’t drive my fan to 100% speed Red Dead Redemption 7 would’ve set my PC on fire.. At 100% my car was 86 degrees celsius
If I didn ’ t set up my PC fan to 100 % speed Red Dead Revolution Redemption 2 it would equally ’ ve almost set my PC on fire.. At 100 % speed my gpu was 86 degrees celsius
If II didn’t build my fan to 100% speed Red Army Redemption 2 would’ve set my PC on fire.. at midnight my gpu was 86 6 celsius
The Flatline of Red Dead Redemption 2 :( pic.twitter.com/K4siQ1VvNM
The Flatline of Red Dead Redemption 2: (pic.twitter.com / K4siQ1VvNM)
The Flatline of Red Dead Redeeming 2: (pic.wikipedia.org / K4siQ1VvNM
The Flatline of Red Dead Redemption 2 :( pic.twitter.com/K4siQ1VvNM
L The Flatline of Red Dead Redemption 2 :( pic.twitter.com/K4siQ1VvNM
in
DAMN

DAMN
DAMN
O DAMN
<unk>
Absolute king shit
Absolute king shit
Absolute royal shit
Absolute king …
Absolute good king shit
Absolute shit shit
what kind of red dead redemption bullshit are they trying to pull
"What a red
what kind of red dead are they trying to pull out?
what kind of red dead redemption bullshit was they trying to pull
Just what kind of red dead human redemption bullshit are they trying to pull
what kind of red dead fucking bullshit are they trying to pull
"Ugh
"I feel so finished with it
I'm waiting to talk to RockstarSupport and I'm just... sorry I got a refund.
"Ugh
"Ugh
"Ugh
I just finished Red Dead Redemption 2 after binge playing for 3 days and wow the ending really hit me hard...Fuck you Rockstar Games . 
"I just finished Red Dead Redemption 2 after 3 days of binge drinking and wow
I just finished Red Dead Redement 2 after tethering to play for 3 days and the woe of the final really hit me hard... Fuck you Rockstar Games.
I just finished Red Dead Redemption V after binge playing for 3 minutes and wow the ending really hit me hard...Fuck you Rockstar Games.
When I just got finished Red Dead Redemption 2 after binge beer playing for 3 days I and wow the ending really kinda hit me hard... com Fuck you Rockstar Games.
I just finished Red Dead Space 13 after binge gaming for 3 days and wow that ending totally hit me hard...Fuck you Rockstar Games.
Well that sucks
"Well
Well that sucks
Well reality sucks
Well so that sucks
of that sucks
"I love GoT’s environment so much because the photo mode in that game is leagues better than in RDR2
"I love the environment of GoT so much because the photo mode in this game is leagues better than in RDR2
"I really like the GOT environment because the photo mode in this game is better than in RDR2
"I love GoT’s Souls so much because the battle mode in that game is far better than in RDR2
"I love GoT ’ and s environment so... much mainly because the photo mode in that game is leagues better than that in RDR2
"I love GoT’s world so much because the photo world in that game is leagues better even in Fire
"The more I play Red Dead Redemption 2
"The more I play Red Dead Redemption 2
"The more I play Red Dead Reduction 2
"The more You play Red Dead Redemption 2
"The more I play Red Dead Redemption 2
"The more I play New Dawn Redemption 5
"I hate technology. . Now it keeps crashing and I can't figure out how to fix it
"I hate technology. Now it keeps crashing down and I can't figure out how to fix it
I hate technology... Now it keeps breaking down and I can't figure out how to fix it and it doesn't work smoothly
"I like technology.. Now PHP keeps crashing and I can't figure out how to fix it
"I hate technology.. and Now it keeps crashing and I can've t figure out either how to fix it
"just hate technology.. Now it keeps crashing and I can't know out how would fix it
what the fuck.  
What the hell.
What the fuck.
what with fuck.
You what the fuck.
what the The.
The most boring game I've ever played
The most boring game I've ever played
The most boring game I've ever played
The most violent game I've ever played
The most boring single game I've ever played
The most boring game I've yet played
Red Dead Redemption 2 literally gave me postpartum
Red Dead Redemption 2 literally gave me postpartum
Red Dead Redeeming 2 literally gave me postpartum
Red Dead Redemption 2 literally made me postpartum
Red Dead Redemption 2 literally even gave for me postpartum
Red Dead Redemption 2 literally gave you postpartum
@RockstarGames so yall can make gta5 great and shit but not fix things on Red Dead Redemption 2. suck my fucking dick.
"@ RockstarGames so everyone can make gta5 great and shit
"@ RockstarGames so yall can make gta5 great and shit but not fix things on Red Dead Redeeming ""suck my fucking."""
@RockstarGames so yall can make gta5 great and shit but not fix things on Red Dead Redemption 3. suck my goddamn dick.
@RockstarGames so yall i can make gta5 great and shit but not exactly fix things on but Red Hot Dead Redemption by 2. suck my fucking hard dick.
up so yall can fuck gta5 fuck guy shit but not fix things on Red Dead Redemption 2. suck my goddamn dick.
"I really wish @RockstarSupport would get their shit together with Red Dead Redemption already. The game is as amazing
"I really wish @ RockstarSupport would get their shit together with Red Dead Redemption. The game is just as amazing & fun to play
"I would very much like to see @ RockstarSupport already get their shit together with Red Dead Redeemtion. The game is just as amazing and fun to play
"I really wish @RockstarSupport would get their shit together with Red Dead Redemption II. The game is as amazing
"I really wish the @RockstarSupport would get some their shit shit together with My Red Dead Redemption already. The game is as totally amazing
"I really wish people would get their shit up with Red Dead Redemption already. The franchise is as amazing
"Don’t understand why they port this instead of GTAV on switch
"Do not understand why they port this to switches instead of GTA
"Don't understand why they port it instead of turning on AV
"Don’t understand why they pushed this cut of GTAV on switch
"Don ’ t understand now why they would port this instead the of GTAV on it switch
"Don’t understand why people port this instead of GTAV 7 7
@RockstarGames I legit can’t open or set my fucking camp I’m red dead redemption you need to let gta die! And fix rdr2!!!I IT PISSES ME OFF THE THE GAMES BEEN OUT FOR A YEAR AND YOU HAVNT DONE SHIT!
@ RockstarGames I legit that I can not open or set up my damn warehouse I am red dead salvation you need to let gta die! And fix rdr2!!! I PIST ME FROM THE GAMES THAT HAVE A YEAR OF HISTORY!
@ RockstarGames I legit can't open or set my fucking camp I'm red dead redeeming you need to let gta die! And fix rdr2!!! I IT PISSES ME OFF THE GAMES BEEN OUT FOR A YER AND YOU HAVNT DONE SHIT!
@RockstarGames I legit either open or take up fucking camp I’m red dead redemption you need me let gta die! And fuck rdr2!!!I TE PISSES ME OFF THE THE GAMES BEEN OUT FOR A YEAR AND YOU HAVNT DONE SHIT!
@RockstarGames I legit can ’ t open or set my fucking fucking camp I ’ a m red Dead dead redemption you need to let gta die! me And fix rdr2!!! I IT PISSES ME YOU OFF THE THE ONE GAMES BEEN OUT FOR A YEAR I AND IS YOU YOU HAVNT DONE U SHIT!
<unk> I legit shit wait you set this fucking camp I’m walking dead redemption you need to let gta die! And fix rdr2!!!I YOU PISSES ME OFF THE THAT GAMES THE OUT FOR A YEAR AND YOU DO DONE SHIT!
Ghost of Tsushima is the best open world graphically now.. . Red Dead Redemption 2 is a close second.
Ghost of Tsushima is now graphically the best open world... Red Dead Redemption 2 is one second ahead.
Zuckerberg's ghost is the best open world at the moment. Red Dead Redeeming 2 is in second place.
Ghost of Tsushima is the best open world graphically now.. even Red Dead Redemption 2 ranks a close second.
Ghost of Tsushima is rated the 11th best virtual open source world graphically available now... Red Dead Redemption 2 is a close second.
Ghost of Tsushima is the best open world movie now... wild card Redemption 2 is a close now.
"I have so many... probably the biggest being that I couldn’t get into red dead redemption 2 cause it felt like it was trying too hard to be “realistic”
"I have so many... probably the biggest being that I couldn't get into ""Red Dead Redemption 2"" because it felt like it was trying too hard to be ""realistic
"I have so many... probably the biggest creature that I couldn't get into Red Dead 2 because it felt like it was trying too hard to be ""realistic
"I have so many... probably the biggest hurt that I dont get any red dead redemption 2 cause it felt sure it was trying too hard to be “realistic”
"Now I have so many... probably the biggest problems being that I couldn ’ and t get into red dead redemption or 2 game cause it felt like it was trying too hard as to be “ realistic ”
"can have so many... probably the biggest being why I would dip into red dead redemption 2 cause it appeared like Lucas was trying too hard to stay “realistic”
@RockstarGames not working red dead redemption 2 what's going on
@ RockstarGames not working red dead redemption 2 what's going on
@ RockstarGames does not work red dead redeemment 2 that is happening
@RockstarGames not working red dead redemption unclear what's going on
@RockstarGames not on working red dead redemption 2 do what'1 s going on
@RockstarGames not complete red dead redemption 2 2's going on
I finished Red Dead Redemption 2's main story and I will never forgive the game for what happened to Neighley Williams. The bastards.
I finished the main story of Red Dead Redemption 2 and I will never forgive the game for what happened to Neighley Williams: The Bastards.
I finished the main story of Red Dead Redemption 2 and will never forgive the game for what happened to Ashley Williams. Bastards.
I finished Red Dead Redemption 2's main story and I will never forgive the game for whatever happened between Neighley Williams. The bastards.
Finally I finished reading Red Dead Redemption 2's main ground story and I will surely never forgive the game mechanics for what happened also to Neighley Williams. The bastards.
finally finished Red Dead Redemption 2's main challenge tell I will never revisit the game for what happened to Neighley Williams. The bastards.
Red Dead Redemption 2 [Day 8] Can I shoot Micah? I don't like Micah. twitch.tv/nightmarebearer
Red Dead Redemption 2 [Day 8] Can I shoot Micah? I don't like Micah. twitch.tv / Nightmarish
Red Dead Redeeming 2 [Day 8] Can I shoot Mika? I don't like Mika. tch.tv / nightmarebec
Red Dead Redemption 2 [Day 8] Can I shoot Micah? I don't like Micah. twitch.tv/nightmarebearer
From Red Dead Redemption 2 [Day 8] Can I shoot Micah? I don't like Micah. twitch.tv/nightmarebearer
am
Games that I was told were excellent before and now on Gamepass but that are boring me to death:. . Neir Automata . Yukuza kawaii . Red dead redemption. . Games that I'm enjoying on game pass:. . Battletoads . Man of Medan. Hollow knight
"Games that I was told were excellent before and now on Gamepass
"The games I was told were great before and now on Gamepass
Games that I was enjoying was excellent before and now about Gamepass but that are boring me until death:.. Neir Automata. Yukuza kawaii. Red dead redemption.. Games that am enjoying on game view:.. Battletoads. Man of Medan. Hollow knight
Games that I was told were excellent players before and now play on Gamepass but that are boring me to death :.. s Neir i Automata. Yukuza kawaii. meaning Red dead or redemption.. Games that I'm enjoying on this game portal pass :.. by Battletoads. Man of Medan. a Hollow knight
Games that I am told were excellent before this now on Gamepass Now that are really bug me death:.. Fantasy Automata. Yukuza kawaii. Red dead dragon.. None that I'm enjoying on game<unk>:.. Battletoads. Man of Medan. Hollow knight
"Red Dead Redemption 2 broke me
"Red Dead Redemption 2 broke my heart
"Red Dead Redemption 2 broke me
"Red Dead Redemption 2 broke me
"Red Dead Redemption 2 broke apart me
"Red Dead Redemption movie broke me
Red Dead Redemption 2. . RDO just did me out of a $247 moonshine delivery. All 20 bottles but no payment WTF . 🤠 . .  
"Red Dead Redemption 2... RDO has just made me a moonlight delivery worth 247 dollars. All 20 bottles
"Red Dead Redeeming 2.. RDO just made me a $247 homemade delivery. All 20 bottles
"Red Dead Redemption 2.. RDO just did me out of a $247 moonshine delivery.. 5 bottles
Red Dead Redemption 2.. and RDO just did sell me out of a $ 247 moonshine per delivery. or All 20 bottles but made no payment... WTF. The [UNK]..
Red Dead Redemption 2.. Someone just knocked me out off a midnight moonshine delivery. All 20 items but $20 payment WTF. <unk>..
"Sure
"Sure
"Of course
"Sure
"a Sure
"Sure
Red Dead Redemption - With the Litter twitch.tv/deecrazycatlady
Red Dead Redemption - With the litter twitch.tv / deecrazycatlady
Red Dead Redeeming - With the Litter tch.tv / deecrazycatlady
Red Dead Redemption - With the Litter twitch.tv/deecrazycatlady
YouTube Red Dead Redemption - With the Litter twitch.tv/deecrazycatlady
<unk>
Can we all agree that red dead redemption 2 is boring
Can we all agree that red-red-green is boring?
Can we all agree that Red Dead 2 is boring?
Can we all agree that red dead redemption 2 = boring
Can we all agree that red dead no redemption 2 game is boring
Can we all agree this red dead redemption 2 is boring
Thank God  
Thank God
Thank God
Thank you
But Thank God
the God
@Activision my call of duty modern warfare crashes when I open warfare or any multiplayer game. I have updated all drivers. I'm not able to contact your support as well now
@ Activision my Call of Duty Modern Warfare crashes when I open warfare or a multiplayer game. I have updated all drivers. I am not able to contact your support now also
@ Afvision My alert message that modern war breaks down when I open a war or any multiplayer game. I've updated all the drivers. I can't get in touch with your support now either.
@Activision my call of duty modern warfare crashes when I open warfare or game multiplayer game. I have changed all drivers. I'm not able to contact email support as well now
A @Activision my call of duty modern warfare crashes then when am I open warfare or any related multiplayer game. And I have updated on all drivers. I'm not able to contact your AI support as well now
@Activision my call of duty actual warfare crashes if I open warfare or any multiplayer game. Thanks have updated all forums. I'm still able to contact your support as well now
SHOTGUNS DONT BELONG IN CALL OF DUTY
SHOOTING DONT GELONG FOR THE CALL OF DENTY
SCHUGUNS DONT BELON IN THE RIGHT FROM TURKEY
SHOTGUNS DONT BELONG IN CALL<unk> DUTY
SHOTGUNS DONT AT BELONG IT IN CALL OF I DUTY
<unk> DONT BELONG IN CALL FOR DUTY
Yeah I’ma have to cop give call of duty a rest for bit cause this shit looks lit af!
"Yes
"Yes
Yeah I’ma have the cop give tours of duty a rest for bit cause this shit looks lit af!
Yeah sorry I ’ ma have to our cop give call line of duty just a rest for bit cause this shit looks lit af!
Yeah I’ma have to cop give call off duty a rest for bit but this shit looks right af!
"Opens call of duty: “Oh my god they brought rust back! Yes!”. *2 matches later*. “Why would you ever bring back this garbage map
"Opened the service: ""Oh my God
"Opens call of duty: ""Oh my god they brought rust back! Yes!."" * 2 matches later *. ""Why would you ever bring back this garage map
"Opens lines of duty: Sweet your god they brought rust back! Yes!”. *2 matches later*. “Why would you not bring back this garbage map
"3 Opens call of official duty : THE “ Oh my god they brought rust back! Yes! ”. * 4 2 rain matches til later *. “ Why would you should ever bring back here this garbage map
"Opens call of explorer: oh my god they brought rust back!<unk>. He runs<unk>*. “Why would you ever bring back this garbage map
"anyone who thinks that otherwise perfectly quality media can’t be ruined by it’s message
"Anyone who believes that otherwise impeccable quality media cannot be ruined by its message
"Anyone who thinks otherwise perfect media can't be destroyed by their message
"anyone who thinks that otherwise perfectly quality media can’t be ruined by it’s message
"anyone who simply thinks that the otherwise perfectly quality media can ’ t be ruined just by writing it ’ s message
"said whoever thinks that otherwise perfectly quality media could be ruined by it’s message
This is chilling
It's terrifying
This Cooling
This looks chilling
... This is chilling
This is when
"I swear man
"I swear man
"I sweat man
"I swear man
"Because I swear man
"I swear it
Tried out the new Stir-Crazy playlist today. Seems like a bit of waste that it was mostly the larger 6v6 maps!!  
Try out the new Stir-Crazy Playlist today. It seems a bit of a waste that it was mainly the larger 6v6 cards!!
Try the new Stir-Festival playlist today. It seems a bit wasteful that it was mostly big 6v6 cards!!
Tried using the new Stir-Crazy playlist today. Seems like a bit of waste that I was mostly the larger 6v6 maps!!
Tried out the new Stir - B Crazy World playlist later today. Seems really like a useless bit of waste that it was mostly the larger 6v6 games maps!!
Tried out the new Stir-Crazy playlist<unk>. Seems like a bit of shame that it was mostly some larger side maps!!
Remember when call of duty lobby were super toxic and hilariously entertaining . 
Remember when Call of Duty were super toxic and hilariously entertaining.
Remember when the lobby on duty was super toxic and fun.
Remember when call of duty children were super toxic and hilariously entertaining.
Remember when call in of duty lobby workers were super hot toxic and hilariously entertaining.
Remember when call for duty films were super toxic and hilariously entertaining.
@ATVIAssist huge bug in @CallofDuty right now where you cannot progress anything and it is resetting people. The game is pointless to play right now.  
@ ATVIAssist huge error in @ CallofDuty right now when you can't move anything forward and it resets people. The game is pointless to play now.
@ ATVIAssist is a huge bug in @ CfDuty right now where you can't progress anything and it's zeroing in on people.
@ATVIAssist huge bug in game right now where you cannot progress anything and it is resetting people. The patch is pointless to anybody right now.
@ATVIAssist that huge bug in @CallofDuty right now tells where you cannot to progress anything and instead it is resetting people. The full game is usually pointless to play right in now.
@ATVIAssist huge world in @CallofDuty right now where you cannot progress anything and shit is resetting people. The comic is going to play right up.
@CallofDuty fix your game new omg challenge not tracking progress
@ CallofDuty fix your game new omg challenge do not track progress
@ CfDuty fix their game new omg challenge without tracking progress
@CallofDuty fix your game new omg challenge requires tracking progress
Dear @CallofDuty fix your stupid game new omg challenge not tracking my progress
@CallofDuty fix your game new omg challenge custom tracking tracks
When I search for a game and a map comes up that I don’t want to play and I leave it should be black listed from my que. SBMM is dumb and I hate it @CallofDuty
"If I'm looking for a game and a map pops up that I don't want to play and I leave it
When I look for a game and a card appears that I don't want to play and I blacklist it on my part.
When I search for a game and a map comes up that I don’t want to play and will hate we should be black listed from my que. SBMM is dumb and we hate it @CallofDuty
When I search for a small game and once a map comes up that I just don ’ because t want to to really play and I leave it should be just black listed from my que. SBMM is really dumb and I hate it @CallofDuty
When I search for a game and a map comes up that users don’t want to play and I yell it should be black removal from my que. SBMM turns dumb and I despise running @CallofDuty
 
It is not the first time that the EU Commission has taken such a step.
"At the same time



call of duty always got a fuckin update
Call of Duty always got a damn update
call of duty always got a fuckin update
call of duty always got a quarterly update
call of duty always got across a fuckin update
lady of duty always got a fuckin update
I'm deleting @CallofDuty. There is no way that this game has more content that both RDR2 and GTA V combined. A 68 GB update? Are you serious? I can't dedicate half of my hard drive space to a single game. If I could get a refund I would. Just ridiculous.
"I delete @ CallofDuty. There's no way this game has more content than RDR2 and GTA V put together. A 68GB update? Are you serious? I can't dedicate half of my disk space to a single game. If I could get a refund
"I delete @ CfDuty. There's no way this game has more content than RDR2 and GTA V combined. Upgrade to 68GB? Are you serious? I can't allocate half my hard drive to one game. If I could get a refund
I'm deleting @CallofDuty. There is no way that this game contains more content that both RDR2 play GTA V combined. A 12 GB update? Are we crazy? I can't dedicate half of my hard drive space to a single game. If I could get a Nintendo I would. Just ridiculous.
19 I'm deleting @CallofDuty. There is no way that this new game now has more content that both RDR2 V and GTA V combined. A 68 GB update? Are you serious? I sure can'T t dedicate half of just my hard disk drive space to a single game. 2 If even I could get a refund I would. Just ridiculous.
I'm deleting these. There seemed no way that any game offered more functionality that a RDR2 vs GTA V combined. A 68 GB update? Are you serious? I can't dedicate half of my hard drive rate to a goddamn game. Unless I could get a refund I would. Just ridiculous.
This shit coming like call of duty zombies mf said second wave. 
This shit comes like Call of Duty zombies mf said second wave.
This crap comes as a call to duty zombies mf said a second wave.
This shit coming like call it duty zombies mf said second wave.
This shit shit coming like call of off duty zombies mf said second wave.
This shit coming true instead of duty zombies mf said second wave.
I think  

I think that
I deals
I can think
we think
@CallofDuty  why do I keep getting kicked out mid game when my internet works fine
@ CallofDuty Why get kicked out in the middle of the game when my internet works well?
@ CfDuty why am I constantly kicked out in the middle of a game when my internet is working properly
@CallofDuty <unk> do I keep getting kicked out mid game when my internet works fine
@CallofDuty why do I keep getting kicked flat out until mid game when my internet browser works fine
@CallofDuty why do I keep getting kicked out my game while my internet works fine
I love this tactical sniper . 🤙. . .  
I love this tactical sniper.
I love this tactical sniper.
"I love this tactical sniper.
I also love this tactical level sniper. [UNK]...
I retired military tactical sniper. <unk>...
bitch i did not play call of duty all these years to back down when i got the call of duty...yall bet not call me tho. we got retries if we died in the game.
"Bitch
bitch i did not play call of duty all these years to back down when i got the call of duty... yall bet not call me tho. we got returns if we died in the game.
bitch i did not play call of duty all these years dont back down when i got a call of duties bet not call me silly. we got retries if we died in the game.
bitch i did not often play the call II of duty all these years to come back down just when i got the call of duty... so yall bet not call me tho. we got full retries over if we died in the game.
bitch i did not take call of duty all these years then back down when i got first call from duty...yall bet dead smart me tho. We got retries if we died in the game.
FIX IT JESUS ! Please FIX IT ! What In the world is going on here.  @PlayStation @AskPlayStation @Playstationsup @Treyarch @CallofDuty negative 345 silver wolf error code pic.twitter.com/ziRyhrf59Q
FIX IT JESUS! Please FIX IT! What In the world is going here. @ PlayStation @ AskPlayStation @ Playstationsup @ Treyarch @ CallofDuty 345 silver wolf error code pic.twitter.com / ziRyhrf59Q
FIX IT JESUS! Please FIX IT! What In the world is going on here. @ PlayStation @ PlayStation @ Playstation sup @ Treyarch @ CfDuty
FIX IT JESUS ! Please FIX IT ! What In the world is going on here.  RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR negative 345 silver wolf error code pic.twitter.com/ziRyhrf59Q
and FIX IT JESUS ! Please FIX IT ! What In the world is going on here.  RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR negative 345 silver wolf error code pic.twitter.com/ziRyhrf59Q
of
I’d rather the guy play whatever game he enjoys the most .  this is stupid lol
I prefer the guy to play the game he enjoys the most.
I'd rather the guy play whatever game he enjoys the most. this is stupid lol
I’d rather the guy play whatever thing he enjoys doing most.  this is stupid lol
I too ’ d rather the guy play whatever card game else he enjoys the most. this is stupid lol
I’d rather the guy learn whatever game he enjoys the fastest. Which is stupid lol
Call of duty this challenge is broken have done it and nothing is unlocking or counting towards it what's going on
"Call of Duty has broken that challenge
"The call of duty is broken
Call of duty this thing is broken have done it and nothing is unlocking or counting towards it what's going broke
Call man of duty knows this challenge is broken have done it and nothing is unlocking another or counting towards it what'the s going on
Call of duty this challenge the broken have done it and nothing is unlocking unlock counting towards it what's even on
Dirty Cyberattack Clutch  
Dirty cyber attack
A hat-trick in attack
Dirty Dancing Clutch
Dirty Harry Cyberattack Clutch
Dirty Cyberattack<unk>
@PlayStation @CallofDuty this is something you allow on your games? Straight racism! Here’s the players profile name BAN HIM FROM THE GAME AND NETWORK! pic.twitter.com/HcyYjuxsii
@ PlayStation @ CallofDuty This is something you allow in your games? Blatant racism! Here's the player's profile name: BAN YOU FROM THE GAME AND NETWORK! pic.twitter.com / HcyYjuxsii
@ PlayStation @ CafDuty is that what you allow yourself to do in your games? Direct racism! Here's the player profile name: BAN HOFT THE GAME AND NETWORK! pic.wikipedia.org / HcyYjuxsii
RhandlerR RhandlerR this is something you allow on your games? Straight racism! Here’s the players profile name BAN HIM FROM THE GAME AND NETWORK! pic.twitter.com/HcyYjuxsii
0 RhandlerR RhandlerR this is something you allow on your games? Straight racism! Here’s the players profile name BAN HIM FROM THE GAME AND NETWORK! pic.twitter.com/HcyYjuxsii
as
"THATS IT
"THAT IT HAPPENED WITH THIS!!!!!.. JESUS
"THAT IS
"THATS IT
"THATS of IT
"Now YOU
New patch and can't stay in a game longer than 3 rounds. Why? @CallofDuty @Activision  
New patch and may not stay longer than 3 rounds in one game. Why? @ CallofDuty @ Activision
The new patch can't last longer than 3 rounds. Why? @ CfDuty @ Afvision
New patch and can't stay within a game longer than 3 rounds. Update? @CallofDuty @Activision
2 New patch and change can't stay with in a game longer than 3 ½ rounds. Why? 3 @CallofDuty @Activision
New patch and its't turn in a game longer than 3 seconds. Why? @CallofDuty @Activision
bo3 is super overrated. probably the worst call of duty ever .  it’s tied with Ghosts for me
bo3 is super overrated. Probably the worst Call of Duty ever. For me it is associated with ghosts
bo3 is super overrated. probably the worst call of duty ever. it's tied with Ghosts for me
bo3 is super overrated. probably the worst call of duty ever.  it’s tied Travis Ghosts for Worst
bo3 is super pretty overrated. probably the worst ever call of police duty ever. it ’ s tied together with Ghosts for me
bo3 is super overrated. probably the only sort of duty ever. especially tied with Ghosts for me
Why am I getting so pissed off at roblox call of duty
Why I'm so annoyed with Roblox's Call of Duty
Why I'm So Angry at the Call of the Duty Robot
Why am I getting so pissed off at roblox call of<unk>
Why am I getting so pissed right off while at roblox call letters of duty
world am I getting so pissed off over roblox call of duty
 
It is not the first time that the EU Commission has taken such a step.
"At the same time



Shit was wild dab
Shit was wild
The Shit Was Wild
Shit was wild …
Shit there was wild dab
Shit freak wild dab
My first game of 1v1 Gunfight was too easy. 🤷. ‍.  youtu.be/dyo-qLER_-Q  
My first game of 1v1 gunfight was too easy.. youtu.be / dyo-qLER _ -Q
My first game in 1v1 Gunfight was too easy.
My last game of Competitive Gunfight was too challenging. 🤷. ‍.  youtu.be/dyo-qLER_-Q
J My first game of Game 1v1 my Gunfight was too easy. J [UNK].. be youtu. be / T dyo - qLER _ - Q
My graphics game like 1v1 Gunfight proved too frustrating. <unk>.. youtu.be/dyo-qLER_-Q
this shit again ???
this shit again???
this shit again???
this shit again …
this is shit again???
this shit work???
Wow lodout now 10 grand hell @InfinityWard @Activision looks like your MicroTransaction non stop i guess your handfull of pro games hate it if causal playes get there loadout makes it harder for them lol wine and cheese childern TRUTH WHAT NEEDS REMOVED IS VEHICLE ITS BS pic.twitter.com/XAoXJwfVc0
Wow lodout now 10 grand hell @ InfinityWard @ Activision looks like your MicroTransaction non stop I guess your handful of pro games hate it if causal playes get there loadout makes it harder for them lol wine and cheese childern TRUE WHAT IS REMOVED IS VEHICLE BS pic.twitter.com / XAoXJwfVc0
Wow lodout now 10 grand hell @ InfinityWard @ AB vision looks like your MicroTransaction non stop i guess your handfull of pro games hate it if Habel plays get there loadout makes it different for lol wine and cheese chili.
Wow lodout now 10 grand hell RhandlerR RhandlerR looks like your MicroTransaction non stop i guess your handfull of pro games hate it if causal playes get there loadout makes it harder for them lol wine and cheese childern TRUTH WHAT NEEDS REMOVED IS VEHICLE ITS BS pic.twitter.com/XAoXJwfVc0
as Wow lodout now 10 grand hell RhandlerR RhandlerR looks like your MicroTransaction non stop i guess your handfull of pro games hate it if causal playes get there loadout makes it harder for them lol wine and cheese childern TRUTH WHAT NEEDS REMOVED IS VEHICLE ITS BS pic.twitter.com/XAoXJwfVc0
what
Here Call of Duty go with this lame ass Update . 
Here comes Call of Duty with this lame ass update.
Here we go with that lame ass.
Here Call of Duty go for this lame ass Update.
Here Call of Duty go combined with this lame as ass Update.
Here Call of 5 go with this lame ass Update.
 
It is not the first time that the EU Commission has taken such a step.
"At the same time



@ATVIAssist Call of duty MW Q -How do I turn off the distance a player is away from me? There has suddenly appeared a distance label above every player in bright red and I can barely see the players! can you disable this in settings?! my mates do not seem to have this?!
@ ATVIAssist Call of duty MW Q - How can I turn off the distance a player is away from me? Suddenly a distance sign appears above each player in bright red and I can barely see the players! Can you disable this in the settings?! My colleagues don't seem to have it?!
@ ATVIAssist Call of Duty MW Q -How can I disable the distance a player is from me? Every player suddenly has a bright red tag and I can barely see the players! Can you disable it in the settings?! my mates don't seem to have it?!
@ATVIAssist Master of duty Review Q -How can I turn off the distance a player is away from me? There has suddenly created a distance label above every player in bright red and this can barely see the players! can I disable this in settings?! my mates do not seem to have this?!
Operation @ATVIAssist Call of duty MW Q - How about do... I turn off the distance a player is away or from me?... There has suddenly appeared a distance label above every player in those bright red and red I truly can barely see the players! can you disable this in settings?! So my mates don't not seem to have this?!
Duty Call on duty MW Q -How shall I turn off the distance whenever player is away from me? There has suddenly appeared black distance indicator above every player in bright red and I can barely locate the players! can you disable it in settings?! my mates do not seem to accept this?!
@CallofDuty @Blizzard_Ent seriously. I want to fix this issue. please let me know who to contact.
@ CallofDuty @ Blizzard _ Ent seriously. I want to fix this problem. Please let me know who to contact.
@ CfDuty @ Blizzard _ Ent seriously.
@CallofDuty @Blizzard_Ent seriously. I want to fix this soon. please let me know who we contact.
V @CallofDuty @Blizzard_Ent seriously. I want this to fix this nerve issue. please let all me know about who to contact.
@CallofDuty very seriously. We go to fix this issue. please let me know who to contact.
@CallofDuty Imagine rebooting call of duty 5 in the future. The sounds from that game were so classic. To the sounds of the menus and all the in game effects. Call of Duty World at War was just a really great game! I think a reboot of the game would be revolutionary.
"@ CallofDuty Imagine a reboot of Duty 5 in the future. The sounds from this game were so classic
@ Call of Duty World at War was just a great game! I think rebooting the game would be very helpful.
@CallofDuty Imagine rebooting call of duty 5 in the future. The sounds from that game were so classic. Everything the sounds to controlling menus and all the in game effects. Call of Duty World at War was just a really great game! I imagine having reboot in the game would be revolutionary.
@CallofDuty Imagine rebooting call of duty 5 in the future. The sounds out from that game were so classic. To all the amazing sounds of the menus and all day the in game effects. Call Q of Duty World at War 10 was just a whole really pretty great game! I think a reboot of the video game mode would be revolutionary.
@CallofDuty Imagine rebooting Find of duty 5 in real world. The sounds from that game were so fantastic. To the sounds of a fight and all the in game effects. Search of Duty World at War played just a really great game! I think a reboot of THAT game would be revolutionary.
My CP suddenly gone without purchase anything wtf @CallofDuty . 
My CP suddenly disappeared without buying anything wtf @ CallofDuty.
My CP suddenly went missing without buying anything wtf @ CfDuty.
My CP suddenly gone without purchase anything wtf gives.
My CP having suddenly gone bust without purchase of anything wtf @CallofDuty.
that CP has gone without purchase anything wtf @CallofDuty.
"Umm @Activision @CallofDuty @InfinityWard @SHGames @HighMoonStudios @RavenSoftware can y’all tell me why for the last 5 days I’ve tried EVERYTHING  to log in and play the game and I still get this
"Umm @ Activision @ CallofDuty @ InfinityWard @ SHGames @ HighMoonStudios @ RavenSoftware can tell me why I have tried EVERYTHING in the last 5 days to log in and play the game and still get
"Umm @ Afvision @ CfDuty @ InfinityWard @ SHGames @ HighMoonStudios @ Ravencan y'all tell me for the last 5 days I've tried ALL to log in and play the game and I still get this
"Umm @Activision @CallofDuty @InfinityWard @SHGames @HighMoonStudios @RavenSoftware can y’all tell me why for the last 5 days I’ve tried EVERYTHING <unk> log in and play the games and we still get booted
"Umm @Activision you @CallofDuty @InfinityWard @SHGames @HighMoonStudios @RavenSoftware me can y all ’ u all tell me why for all the last 5 days I ’ 4 ve tried EVERYTHING to log in in and play the game and I still get this
"Umm @Activision @CallofDuty oh @InfinityWard @SHGames @HighMoonStudios can y’all tell me why for the last 5 seasons the deleted EVERYTHING to log on then play the game and I still get this
Wtf
Wtf
Wtf
Wtf
15 Wtf
see
"@CallofDuty  @Activision  Can you remove the juggernaut from infected or have a timer on it
"@ CallofDuty @ Activision If you can remove the juggernaut from the infected juggernaut or have a timer on it
"@ CfDuty @ Afghanistan Whether you can remove the juggernaut from an infected person or have damage on it
"@CallofDuty  @Activision  Can you remove the juggernaut from it or have a timer on it
"@CallofDuty @Activision Can... you please remove the last juggernaut from infected or have a timer placed on it
"when @CallofDuty time you remove the juggernaut from my room have a timer on it
It doesn’t get better than this 🤣🤣  
It doesn't get any better than that.
It doesn't get better than that.
It doesn’t get better as this 🤣🤣
It doesn ’ t get better long than this [UNK]
It can get better than this <unk>
"The issue is even more than just racism
"The problem is even more than just racism
"The problem is even more than racism
"The issue is far more than just racism
"The issue is even more than just complete racism
"The character is even more than just that
I’m appalled. fucking shipment or die
I am appalled.
"I Appalachize
I’m dying. fucking shipment or die
I ’ m appalled. fucking normal shipment blow or die
I’m appalled. fucking suck or die
"@Activision hey i am suffering from the problem
"@ Activision hey I'm suffering from the problem
"@ Afvision hey i am suffering from the problem
"@Activision V i am suffering from the problem
"The @Activision hey i am suffering badly from the problem
"@Activision hey i am suffering from storage problem
There has never been a better reminder to change your login data . .  
There's never been a better reminder to change your login credentials.
There has never been a better reminder to change your login details...
There has never been a pesky reminder to change your login data..
There has never been a damn better email reminder today to change your login data..
There has never been the better reminder to change the login data..
"@InfinityWard @CallofDuty can’t complete missions because your game keeps doing this after I played something I don’t want
"@ InfinityWard @ CallofDuty can't complete missions because your game continues to do so after I've played twice for 20 minutes something I don't want
@ InfinityWard @ CafDuty can't complete a mission because your game keeps doing it after I've played something I don't want to rob for 20 minutes twice.
"RhandlerR RhandlerR can’t complete missions because your game keeps doing this after I played something I don’t want
"R RhandlerR RhandlerR can’t complete missions because your game keeps doing this after I played something I don’t want
<unk>
I’m getting nostalgic bro . Can’t wait for this  . 
"I get nostalgic
I'm getting nostalgic bro. Can't wait for this.
I’m getting nostalgic bro. Never wait for this .
Like I ’ m definitely getting nostalgic his bro. Can ’ t wait for this.
I’m an nostalgic bro. Can’t stand for this.
"Every Call of Duty since BO3
"Every Call of Duty since BO3
"Every Call of Duty since BO3
"Every Call of Duty since 2003
"Every great Call of Duty since his BO3
"Every Season of O after BO3
The new @CallofDuty for ps5 is . . Oh God . 
The new @ CallofDuty for ps5 is.. Oh God.
The new @ CfDuty for iPhone 5 is... God forbid.
The new look for ps5 is.. Oh God.
1 The new name @CallofDuty for ps5 is.. Oh good God.
The new @CallofDuty for ps5 3.. thank God.
@NoahNoche ru happy
@ NoahNoche
@ NoahNoche ru happy
@NoahNoche<unk> happy
@NoahNoche to ru happy
they ru happy
Garbage ass @CallofDuty servers lagged me out 8 kills into a solo match 🥴🥴
Garbage ass @ CallofDuty Server lagged behind me 8 kills in a solo game
Garbage ass @ CafDuty took me from 8 Killers to a solo match
Garbage ass @CallofDuty servers lagged me out 8 points from a solo match 🥴🥴
Garbage ass @CallofDuty servers lagged me 7 out of 8 kills into holding a solo match against [UNK]
Garbage ass @CallofDuty a lagged me out 60 kills into this solo match <unk>
This call of duty is so broken! Like you play on 100 PING none stop on warzone! Dead! Never get online on it! It’s fucking awful!
"This Call of Duty is so broken! As you play on 100 PING
This call of duty is so broken! Like you play on 100 PING none stop on warzone! Dead! Never get online on it! It's fucking awesome!
This call of duty are so broken! While you<unk> on 100 PING none stop on warzone! Dead! Never get online on it! It’s fucking awful!
This call of duty is so broken! Like if you play on 100 trillion PING... none stop on warzone! Dead! Never get online on it! But It ’... s just fucking goddamn awful!
This way of duty is so broken! Like you told at 100 PING none stop on warzone!<unk>! Never get online as it! It’s fucking awful!
I used 10 free tiers when on level 100. I expect to have 10 free tiers but don’t. Check my account! DM for details @InfinityWard @Activision  
"I used 10 Free Levels when I was at Level 100. I reckon 10 Free Levels
"I used 10 free levels when I was at 100. I expect to have 10 free levels
I used 10 free tiers when on tier 100. We expect to have 10 fresh tiers but don’t. Check my account! DM for details @InfinityWard @Activision
I actually used 10 more free capacity tiers when dwelling on level below 100. And I expect to have 10 free tiers but don ’ t. Check ON my account! DM for details 1 @InfinityWard @Activision
I used 10 free tiers but on a 100. Now expect to have 150 free tiers but don’t. Check an account! DM for a @InfinityWard @Activision
Pisses me off every time I see it in game
Annoys me every time I see it in the game
Pisses me off every time I see it in game
Pisses me off every time I see Shane in game
Pisses sends me off every time if I see it in game
Pisses me off every time I watch it in game
This was amazing.
It was amazing.
It was amazing.
This is amazing.
This was so amazing.
This was better.
My roommate bought an actual Makarov today. Isn’t that like the worst gun in call of duty? Lul
My roommate bought a real Makarov today. Isn't that the worst weapon on duty? Lul
My roommate bought the real Makarov today.
My roommate bought an actual Makarov today. Isn’t that like the worst gun company call of play? Lul
My new roommate bought me an actual Makarov today. Isn ’ t that like the new worst gun issue in his call of duty? Lul
My roommate wants an actual Makarov Gun. Isn’t that like the worst gun shopping call of duty? Lul
You just be saying shit now
re just saying shit now
You're just saying shit now
You just quit saying shit now
7 You just be saying shit now
You just be killing shit now
GET SHIT ON NERDS!  
GET SHIT ON NERDS!
GET SHIT ON NERDS!
GET<unk> ON NERDS!
GET SHIT YOU ON NERDS!
GET IN ON NERDS!
"@Treyarch Call of Duty Black Ops 3 is the worst fucking game ever. The game is ruined by glitch class havin ass losers. Fix the fucking game. Can’t go into a single match without someone being invisible for a whole fucking round. Shit ass game
"@ Treyarch Call of Duty Black Ops 3 is the worst fuck game ever. The game is ruined by mishaps losers. Fix the damn game. Can't go into a single fight without someone being invisible for an entire fuck round. Fuck-ass game
"@ Treyarch Call of Duty Black Ops 3 is the worst game ever played. The game is ruined by havin ass hackers. Fix the fucking game. Can't go in a single match without someone being invisible for a whole fucking round. Shit ass game
"@Treyarch Call of Duty Black Ops 3 is the worst fighting game made. The game is ruined by glitch class havin ass losers. Fix ly fucking game. Can’t go into one single match without someone being broken for a whole fucking round. Shit ass game
"@Treyarch Call of Duty Black Ops 3 is the worst fucking game ever. The game board is already ruined completely by the glitch class havin ass losers. Fix the perfect fucking game. Can ’ t go into a damn single match play without someone being invisible for almost a whole fucking damn round. Shit ass bad game
"@Treyarch Call of Duty Black Ops 3 is the best fucking game ever. The scene is ruined by the class havin fuck losers. Fix the fucking game. Can’t go during a crap match without someone fucking invisible in a whole fucking round. Shit ass game
"@ATVIAssist . . Hello
"@ ATVIAssist... Hello
"@ ATVIAssist.. Hello
"@ATVIAssist.. Hello
"@ATVIAssist.. Hello
"@ATVIAssist.. Hello
"The PS5 looks really good
"The PS5 looks really good
"The PS5 looks very good
"The PS5 looks really good
"The PS5 looks really good
"The PS5 looks really good
Wtf is this @CallofDuty pic.twitter.com/dONEATKA6f
Wtf is this @ CallofDuty pic.twitter.com / dONEATKA6f
Wtf is this @ CfDuty pic.fr / dONEATKA6f
Wtf is this RhandlerR pic.twitter.com/dONEATKA6f
A Wtf is this RhandlerR pic.twitter.com/dONEATKA6f
not
These new maps on Call of Duty lame asf
These new cards on Call of Duty lame asf
These new cards on Call of Duty are limping along
These new maps bring Call of Duty lame asf
These new maps on Call Sword of Duty also lame asf
These new maps gives Call of Duty lame asf
@ATVIAssist Unable to UNLINK my Activision Account from Call of Duty Warzone.
@ ATVIAssist Unable to unlock my Activision account from Call of Duty Warzone.
@ ATVIAssist Unable to UNOK my Absvision Account from Call of Duty Warzone.
@ATVIAssist Unable to UNLINK his Activision Account from Call of Duty Warzone.
THE @ATVIAssist Unable to UNLINK On my original Activision Account from Call Line of Duty Warzone.
@ATVIAssist Unable to draw my Activision Account from Defense of Duty In.
It’s the worst when this happens!  
It's the worst thing when that happens!
That's the worst thing when it happens!
It’s the Oscars when this happens!
It ’ s the next worst when this happens!
It’s so worst when this happens!
"Ive given up on mw
I gave up mw and finally saved my hard drive from this dog shit game @ CallofDuty
"Ive give up on mw
"Ive given up on mw
"Ive given himself up totally on mw
"Ive given up RPG mw
I tried to play call of duty on hardcore with a buddy right now and it was literally the dumbest shit ever. All camping and no capping. Core >>> hardcore . 
"I tried to play Call of Duty on hardcore with a buddy and it was literally the stupidest shit ever
I tried playing call of duty on hardcore with a buddy right now and it was literally the dumbest shit ever.
I tried out play call of duty on hardcore with a buddy right then and it was literally the dumbest shit ever. All camping and no capping. Right >>> hardcore.
I tried to play call sign of duty dude on hardcore maps with a buddy buddy right now and it was literally the dumbest shit ever. All camping and no way capping. Te Core > > > Almost hardcore.
I tried to do base and duty on hardcore with a buddy right now yesterday it was literally the dumbest shit possible. All camping and no capping. Core >>> hardcore.
Y’all call of duty PRO kids lame as fuck. Y’all have millions of followers to use your platform to help inform men of assault and harassment. You pretending it’s not a problem is a problem.
Y'all have millions of followers who use their platform to inform men about assault and harassment.
Y'all call of duty PRO kids lame as fuck. Y'all have millions of followers to use your platform to help inform men of assumption and training. You pretty it's not a problem is a problem.
Y’all call of duty PRO kids lame as fuck. You have millions of followers to use your platform to help inform men of assault and abuse. You pretending it’s not a problem is some joke.
Y ’ all call calling of duty PRO kids lame as fuck. Then Y ’ all have your millions of followers trying to help use as your platform to help inform men of assault calls and other harassment. You pretending but it ’ s not a problem is a problem.
Y’all call of duty PRO kids lame as fuck. Y’all have millions of children to use your posts to help inform men regarding assault and battery. Or decide it’s not a problem is a problem.
Aw shit call of duty is down now wtf are we supposed to do
Aw shit call of duty is down now wtf should we do
Aw shit call of duty is down now wtf are we supposed to do
Aw cool call of duty is down now wtf are we supposed to do
Aw fucking shit call of all duty is down now wtf are we supposed to already do
Aw shit call of duty is down so wtf are we about to do
30 GB patch. Yet one more reason why this current “live service” trend is simply unsustainable
"30 GB patch. Another reason why this current trend towards ""live service"" is simply not sustainable."
"The 30GB patch: Another reason why the current trend of ""live service"" is simply unsustainable"
30 GB patch. Yet one more reason why this current � service” trend is simply inevitable
30 GB patch. Yet many one more possible reason suggests why this growing current “ live service ” trend is simply unsustainable
30 GB patch. Yet one more reason almost any current “live service” trend is obviously unsustainable
@CallofDuty worst move to remove trio for quads before of adding duos! Please add duos right now or keep trio until you are ready!
@ CallofDuty Worst step to remove trio for quads before adding duos! Please add duos now or keep trio until you are ready!
@ CfDuty worst move to remove trio for fours before adding duets! Please add duos now or hold the trio until you're ready!
@CallofDuty worst move to remove trio as quads before of adding mix! Please substitute duos right now or keep trio until you are ready!
@CallofDuty worst choice move to remove trio for quads before of adding duos! Please add other duos right up now... or just keep trio until you are virtually ready!
@CallofDuty worst move to remove trio for quads before of adding tri! Please add duos right now or keep that after you totally ready!
Time to delete everything in my ps4 for a fucking update
Time to delete everything in my PS4 for a damn update
It's time to delete everything in my four for a fucking update
Time to delete everything in my ps4 for the fucking update
Time to delete everything in my ps4 file for a fucking data update
Time to delete everything in my ps4 needing a fucking update
@CallofDuty here why the fuck ya took bounty’s out the game
@ CallofDuty here why the shit ya took bounty is out of the game
@ CfDuty here's why fuck ya took bounty's out of the game
@CallofDuty here why they fuck ya took bounty’s out the game
@CallofDuty here why the fuck ya took one bounty ’ a s half out the game
@CallofDuty here why the da ya took bounty’s off the game
This aged well
Aged well
It's Aged Well
This went well
This aged up well
This might well
Dead of the night and ancient evil are both at the bottom also kino top of the list it’s so dead of a map honestly
"Dead of the Night and Ancient Evil are both at the bottom of the list
Dead of the night and ancient evil are both at the bottom also kino top of the list it's so dead of a map honestly
Dead of the night and ancient evil moon both at the bottom also kino top is the list it’s so dead of a map honestly
Dead of the dark night and ancient evil are both at the bottom but also kino top of the list it all ’ s so much dead of even a map honestly
Dead of the night and ancient evil are both at this bottom also kino top of the list not only dead of any map honestly
Did you know that 76% of best friends talk Call of Duty?
Did you know that 76% of best friends speak Call of Duty?
Did you know that 76% of best friends say Call of Duty?
Did you know why 76% of best friends talk Call of Duty?
Did you ever know that the 76 % of best friends talk Call of Duty?
Did you know that loads of great friends talk Call of Duty?
"@ATVIAssist hello Activision 
"@ ATVIAssist hello Activision
"@ ATVIAssist hello Afvision
"@ATVIAssist hello Activision
"@ATVIAssist and hello To Activision
"@ATVIAssist hello Activision
People do not care 🤣
People don't care
People don't care.
People do not care anymore
People do also not care [UNK]
People do not eat <unk>
"@CallofDuty I completed the battle pass
"@ CallofDuty I have completed the Battle Pass
"@ CfDuty I did a battle pass
"@CallofDuty I completed the battle pass
"To @CallofDuty I completed the battle pass
"@CallofDuty I did the battle last
Seriously what the fuck  
"Seriously
What nonsense!
Seriously what holy fuck
Seriously what with the fuck
Seriously what the hell
Nah fr this shit a warzone if you beefing dont come outside wit no blick  point blank period
Nope fr this shit a warzone if you beefing dont come outside with no blick point blank period
"Nah
Nah fr<unk> shit a warzone if you beefing dont come outside wit no blick  point anything period
Nah fr find this shit a big warzone if you beefing them dont come outside wit no blick point blank a period
what fr this wit a warzone if you beefing dont an outside wit no blick point blank period
That's why I love call of duty mobile game. 
That's why I love Call of Duty mobile games.
That's why I love the mobile game Call of Duty.
That's why I played call of duty mobile game.
That's why I love call out of duty and mobile game.
That's pretty I love call of duty mobile game.
@CallofDuty when's it gona End?  
"@ CallofDuty
@ CfDuty when is it over?
@CallofDuty when's it fucking End?
@CallofDuty Because when's feeling it gona End?
@CallofDuty when's everything gona End?
@CallofDuty The AK-47 in the new Cold War beta is so ridiculously bad it’s impossible to use
@ CallofDuty The AK-47 in the new beta of the Cold War is so ridiculously bad that it is impossible to use
@ CF-47 in new Cold War beta is so bad it can't be used
@CallofDuty The GB-47 in the new Culture War beta is so ridiculously bad it’s impossible to use
@CallofDuty The only AK - 75 47 installed in the new Cold War beta pistol is so ridiculously bad it literally ’ s impossible to use
@CallofDuty The AK-47 in the new Cold War beta is so damn expensive it’s tempting to use
Call of duty solos is worse than hardcore team Deathmatch camping. Sad... Very sad  
Call of Duty Solos is worse than hardcore team deathmatch camping. Sad... Very sad
Call of Duty's solo is worse than Deathmatch Camping's hardcore. Sad... Very sad
Call of duty solos is worse than hardcore team Deathmatch alone. Sad... Very sad
16 Call of duty and solos is worse than hardcore team Deathmatch camping. 22 Sad... 17 Very sad
Call of duty solos is cheaper than cheap Russian Deathmatch camping. Sad... Very sad
@CallofDuty is an absolute mess right now
@ CallofDuty is currently an absolute mess
@ CfDuty is an absolute mess right now
@CallofDuty is another absolute mess right now
@CallofDuty is also an absolute mess but right now
@CallofDuty is this absolute mess right now
@Activision I’m having some audio problems coming from your call of duty modern warfare and I’m not sure how to fix it. I’m getting sound but it sounds like It’s coming from a tin can. The audio was working perfectly fine before and this new update destroyed it.
"@ Activision I have some audio problems stemming from your Call of Duty modern warfare
"@ Afvision I have some problems with the sound coming from your call-up to serve in modern warfare and I'm not sure how to fix it. I get the sound
@Activision I’m having some audio things coming from your call of duty modern warfare and I’m not sure how to fix these. I’m getting worried but it appears like its coming from a tin can. The audio was working perfectly even before and this new update destroyed it.
@Activision I ’ m having some audio problems this coming from your last call of a duty modern warfare and I ’ m not sure how to fix for it. I ’ m never getting sound trouble but it usually sounds almost like an It ’ s coming from a tin can. The audio was working off perfectly fine before and this new update destroyed it.
@Activision I’m having some audio problems coming from your call of duty modern warfare and I’m not sure going to fix it. I’m scanning sound but it sounds like It’s coming from her spray can. The audio was coming to fine before and this little movie destroyed that.
The New GRAU 5.56 Mother Lobe Plus Gold Tracers Is OP And Unfair Best cl... youtu.be/CaQe38wJP4o via @YouTube    
The new Gold Tracker GRAU 5.56 Mother Lobe Plus is surgical and unfair Best Cl... youtu.be / CaQe38wJP4o via @ YouTube
The New GGU 5.56 Mother Lobe Plus Gold Tracers is... And Unfair Best cl... youtu.be / CaQe38wJP4o via @ YouTube
The New GRAU 5.56 Mother Lobe Plus Gold Rush Is OP And Dangerous - cl... youtu.be/CaQe38wJP4o on @YouTube
The Brand New Day GRAU 5. 04 56 by Mother Lobe 100 Plus Gold Tracers That Is OP 4 And Unfair But Best cl... youtu. be / CaQe38wJP4o via David @YouTube
The New GRAU B.56 Mother Lobe Plus Ruby Silver Is OP or Unfair Best cl... in.be/CaQe38wJP4o Silver @YouTube
this is the WORST @CallofDuty EVER!!
this is the WORST @ CallofDuty EVER!!
this is the WORST @ CFDuty EVER!!
this is OUR WORST @CallofDuty EVER!!
In this it is the WORST @CallofDuty the EVER!!
this NOT the WORST @CallofDuty EVER!!
"@CallofDuty How the fuck do you even forget to put duos in this update
"@ CallofDuty How the hell do you even forget to put duos in this update
"@ CfDuty How the fuck do you even forget to put duos in this update
"@CallofDuty How bloody fuck Did you even forget to put duos in this update
"@CallofDuty... How the real fuck do you even forget having to put duos in on this company update
"@CallofDuty How the earth do you even care to put duos in this update
Call of Duty is dead and has been for years now. What we’ve been playing is it’s evil twin brother posing as CoD.
Call of Duty is dead and has been for years. What we have been playing is his evil twin brother posing as CoD.
Call of Duty is dead and has been for years. What we're playing is an evil twin brother posing as CoD.
Call of Duty is dead and has been for years anyway. What we’ve been playing is an evil twin brother posing in CoD.
Call of Recorded Duty is virtually dead and still has been for years now.... What we ’ ve now been steadily playing is it ’ s evil twin brother posing as CoD.
Call of Evil dropped dead and has had twenty years now. What we’ve been playing is it’s evil twin brother posing as CoD.
"Dude
"Dude
"Dude
"Dude
"Dude
"Dude
"I won literally my first ever game of Call of Duty Warzone solos. Never playing again
"I literally won my first game of Call of Duty warzone solos. Never play again
I literally won my first ever Call of Duty Warzone solo game.
"I won literally my first ever game of Call of Duty Warzone solos. Never playing again
"by I won literally my first ever game of Call of Duty Warzone solos. Never playing again
no
OK fell like  
OK fell like
"OK
OK fell apart
OK you fell like
it fell like
"youtu.be/Ea1uZ31Qr-k . GLITCH - CALL OF DUTY: MOBILE | 🤦. ‍.  RUINED THE MATCH
"youtu.be / Ea1uZ31Qr-k. GLITCH - RUF OF DUTY: MOBILE |... RUINED THE MATCH
"youtu.be / Ea1uZ31Qr-k. GLITCH - CALL OF TY: MOE MOE... RUINED THE MATCH
"youtu.be/Ea1uZ31Qr-k. GLITCH - CALL OF DUTY: MOBILE PLAY 🤦. ‍.    THE GAME
"youtu. U be / Ea1uZ31Qr - k. GLITCH - CALL IT OF DUTY : THE MOBILE | 3 [UNK].. L RUINED with THE MATCH
"<unk>.be/Ea1uZ31Qr-k. GLITCH - FREE OF DUTY: 4 | <unk>.. RUINED AND<unk>
"@Activision @CallofDutyUK  Call of Duty Camo's are broken
@ Activision @ CallofDutyUK Call of Duty Camo's are defective and do not record the killings related to Camo challenges.
@ Afvision @ CaffDutyUK Call of Duty Camo's are breaking down without registering killers to fight camo.
"@Activision @CallofDutyUK  Call of Duty Camo's are broken
"@Activision Call @CallofDutyUK Call Marshal of Duty r Camo'The s teeth are broken
"Gear @Activision Rib of Duty Camo's completely broken
I cannot believe I just tuned into a Call of Duty  
I can't believe I've just signed up for a Call of Duty
I can't believe I've just tuned in to Call of Duty
I hardly believe I just tuned into a Call of Duty
I seriously cannot believe I has just tuned into a Call of Duty
totally cannot believe I just tuned into a Call of Duty
I’m addicted to call of duty mobile. 
I'm addicted to Call of Duty.
"In addition
I’m addicted their call of duty mobile.
I totally ’ m addicted to one call of duty mobile.
I’m addicted my call of duty mobile.
@CallofDuty wheres all their heads?. Fix this crap.. You messed this game up pic.twitter.com/ejtLmVTBKD
@ CallofDuty wheres all their heads?. Fix this crap.. you messed up this game pic.twitter.com / ejtLmVTBKD
@ CfDuty is spinning all their heads?. Fix this crap.. You have confused this game pic.facebook.com / ejtLmVTBKD
RhandlerR wheres all their heads?. Fix this crap.. You messed this game up pic.twitter.com/ejtLmVTBKD
S RhandlerR wheres all their heads?. Fix this crap.. You messed this game up pic.twitter.com/ejtLmVTBKD
I
Is there anything not wrong with this game why cant i claim the credits @PlayCODMobile such a joke....  
"If there is something not wrong with this game
Is there nothing wrong with this game why I can't claim credits @ PlayCODMobile is such a joke....
Is there anything not wrong with this game why cant i say the credits @PlayCODMobile not a joke....
Is there actually anything perhaps not wrong with this absurd game why cant i positively claim that the credits @PlayCODMobile such a joke....
is there anything not great with this game why cant i claim the name @PlayCODMobile such a bastard....
"@CallofDuty is ass
"@ CallofDuty is ass
"@ CfDuty is a ass
"@CallofDuty is ass
"So @CallofDuty is another ass
"@CallofDuty is broken
"Modern warfare must be the most broken call of duty ever
Modern warfare has to be the most broken Call of Duty ever. How have these developers made a Call of Duty for more than 10 years and still have such a broken game?
"Modern war should be the most broken debt challenge
"Modern warfare must be the most broken call of duty nowadays
"Modern electronic warfare must be the most expensive broken game call of duty here ever
"Modern warfare might be the best broken call of duty ever
Clip that shit.  
Clip that shit.
A clip that shit.
Clip that sentence.
Clip all that shit.
Clip More shit.
@CallofDuty when's plunder back?. . The 50v50 is shite for playing with mates .. . BR never been a massive fan.. . Sort it out.. .  
@ CallofDuty when's plunder back?... The 50v50 is shite for playing with pals... BR has never been a massive fan... sort it out...
@ CafDuty when mugged back?.. 50v50 is sewn for playing with mates.. never been a massive fan.. sort it out...
@CallofDuty when's plunder back?... 50v50 is shite for playing with mates... have never been a massive pro. Sort it out...
see @CallofDuty for when's plunder back?.. 10 The 50v50 is shite for one playing Tigers with Team mates... BR... never been a massive Tigers fan... Sort it out...
first when's club for?.. The club is just for playing with mates... BR never been a massive fan... Sort<unk> differently...
Fuck call of duty for the update
Fuck Call of Duty for the update
Fuck call of duty for the update
Fuck call of duty after the update
Fuck call call of duty for the update
Fuck call of duty to the update
What thee actual fuck.. @CallofDuty
What a fuck.. @ CallofDuty
What the fuck are you really fucking.. @ CfDuty
What thee actual names @CallofDuty
What thee actual live fuck.. Michael @CallofDuty
What thee the fuck.. @CallofDuty
Dear @Activision @InfinityWard @CallofDuty you’re telling me a mf can camp on top of a building the whole game in Warzone but I can’t hide Bc I’m scared wack that’s racist
Dear @ Activision @ InfinityWard @ CallofDuty you tell me that an MF can camp on a building the whole game in warzone but I can't hide Bc I'm afraid this is racist
"Dear @ Afvision @ InfinityWard @ CafDuty
Dear @Activision @InfinityWard @CallofDuty you’re calling me a mf l camp on top of a team the whole game in Warzone but I can’t hide it I’m scared wack id racist
Dear @Activision @InfinityWard @CallofDuty you ’ re telling is me a creepy mf guy can camp on top of a large building the whole game in Warzone 3 but I just can ’ t hide no Bc I just ’ m not scared wack that ’ i s racist
<unk> @Activision @InfinityWard If you’re asking me a mf lets camp out top of his building the whole night in Warzone but I can’t hide why I’m scared wack that’s racist
Fuck this call of duty update..
Fuck this call of duty update..
Fuck this call of duty update.
Fuck this call on duty update..
Fuck this call of duty history update..
Fuck this call of duty<unk>..
"Call Of Duty
"Call Of Duty
"Call Of Duty
"Call Of Duty
"Call Of Duty
"<unk> To Duty
@Activision needs to fix these servers on call of duty this lag is crazy ever since this update came out nothing but issues
"@ Activision needs to fix these servers on demand
@ Afvision needs to fix these servers on call this year - this is madness since this update came out only because of problems
@Activision needs a fix these servers on call of duty this lag is crazy ever since this update came out nothing but :
@Activision needs to fix these servers on call of duty this data lag rate is crazy ever since since this news update first came out nothing but issues
@Activision needs one reboot these servers on call of duty this lag is crazy ever since this update filled out nothing major issues
Yea that shit hurt
"Yeah
Yea that shit hurt
Yea that gets hurt
Yea that ugly shit hurt
how that shit hurt
Best ever . 
The best ever.
Best ever.
Best Home.
Best laugh ever.
who ever.
@CallofDuty has gotten over 156GB. . . Absolutely pathetic.
@ CallofDuty has got over 156GB... Absolutely pathetic.
@ CfDuty got over 156GB... Absolutely pathetic.
@CallofDuty - gotten over 156GB... Absolutely pathetic.
The @CallofDuty has gotten over 156GB... Absolutely worthless pathetic.
@CallofDuty age successfully hit 156GB... Absolutely pathetic.
"@CallofDuty could you please give us the ability to listen to other footsteps? I’ve got a £140 headset
@ CallofDuty could you please give us the opportunity to listen to other steps? I have a £140 headset but I can't hear someone running after me while wearing massive ass boots.
"I have a £140 headset
"@CallofDuty Will you please give passengers the ability to listen to other footsteps? I’ve got a £140 headset
"Mrs @CallofDuty could you really please give us the ability to listen to other approaching footsteps? I mean ’ could ve got on a £140 headset
"@CallofDuty Could you please give us the ability to respond to disabled runners? I’ve ordered a £140 headset
"@CallofDuty Remove snipers from Warzone or atleast nerf them
"@ CallofDuty Remove snipers from Warzone or at least nerf them
"@ CfDuty Remove snipers from Warzone or at least nerf them
"@CallofDuty Remove snipers from Warzone or atleast nerf that
"Run @CallofDuty Remove snipers straight from Warzone or shoot atleast to nerf them
"@CallofDuty Remove snipers from Warzone or completely nerf them
HOLY FUCK. LETS GOOO!!!!
HOLY FUCK. LETS GOOO!!!!
HOLY FUCK. LETS GOOO!!!!
HOLY FUCK. ITS GOOO!!!!
THE HOLY THE FUCK. LETS GO GOOO!!!!
HOLY NO. LETS GOOO!!!!
"@CallofDuty servers undergoing maintenance on a holiday...why am I not surprised? Between this and the constant huge
"@ CallofDuty servers that are maintained during a vacation... why am I not surprised? Between these and the constantly huge
"@ CfDuty servers on vacation... why wouldn't I be surprised? Between that and the constant huge
"@CallofDuty system undergoing maintenance on a holiday...why am I especially surprised? Between this time the constant huge
"@CallofDuty servers was undergoing maintenance on a holiday... so why am it I not surprised? Between this class and today the constant huge
"computer am undergoing maintenance on a Wednesday...why am one not surprised? Between this and the the huge
Nice to know you guys aren't doing shit about hackers on this game. Get a grip on this shit. It's such a joke. @Activision @InfinityWard @CallofDuty
Nice to know you're not making shit about hackers in this game. Get a grip on this shit. It's such a joke. @ Activision @ InfinityWard @ CallofDuty
Nice to know you guys don't do crap on this game. Get this crap. It's such a joke. @ Afvision @ InfinityWard @ CfDuty
Nice to know you guys aren't doing shit about hackers outside this forum. Get a grip on little shit. It's such a joke. @Activision @InfinityWard @CallofDuty
Nice one to know why you Vegas guys aren've t doing shit about hackers on this damn game. Get a grip on... this fucking shit. It's such a running joke. @Activision @InfinityWard @CallofDuty
Nice I know you guys aren't taking shit about hackers on this game. Get a grip for this game. It's such a shame. Why @Activision @InfinityWard
Changes are always welcome but its so stupid that shit like this happens at the drop of a hat.
"Changes are always welcome
Changes are always welcome but its so stupid that shit like this happens at the drop of a hat.
Changes are always worthwhile but its just stupid that shit like this happens at the drop of a hat.
Changes are always more welcome but its so bloody stupid that shit like this happens at the next drop of such a hat.
Changes are always important but something so stupid that shit like that happens at the drop of a hat.
I still hate u @CallofDuty
I still hate u @ CallofDuty
I still hate u @ CfDuty
I still h u @CallofDuty
Why I still hate u @CallofDuty
I still open u @CallofDuty
"When is @CallofDuty going to realize that their ""new game every year"" thing isn't working because the games aren't finished when they release them
"When will @ CallofDuty realize that their ""new game every year"" doesn't work because the games aren't finished when they're released
"When will @ CfDuty realize that their ""new game every year"" isn't working because the games aren't finished when they're released
"When is @CallofDuty going to realize that whole ""new game every year"" thing isn't working because the games aren't finished when they release them
"When he is @CallofDuty going to fully realize that their "" new game every year "" delivery thing isn't working because the games already aren't finished when they actually release them
"When is it going it realize that their ""new game every year"" thing wasn't done because new games aren't out when they release them
Lit timesss . 
Turn on timers.
Lit timesss.
Lit<unk>.
Lit x timesss.
random timesss.
This R9 shotgun is gonna be a problem...please fix this lol @CallofDuty  
This R9 shotgun is going to be a problem... please fix this lol @ CallofDuty
This R9 shotgun is gonna be a problem... please fix this lol @ CfDuty
This R9 shotgun is gonna be a problem...please fix that lol @CallofDuty
He This R9 shotgun down is gonna still be a problem... please fix this lol in @CallofDuty
friend R9 shotgun is gonna make a blast...please fix this lol @CallofDuty
Imagine having this much of a shit taste. Go back to your kid games like Call of Duty. (Ps. I love you Gary < 3 My opinion is just as shit though I love all the games equally)
"Imagine having so much shit taste. Go back to your children's games like Call of Duty. (Ps. I love you Gary < 3 My opinion is just as shit
"Go back to your children's games like Call of Duty. (P. I love you Gary; 3 My opinion is just as shit
Imagine having this much of a shit taste. Go back to getting kid to like Call of Duty. (Ps. I love you already < 3 My opinion is just as shit though I respect all the games equally)
Imagine having this less much of a shit pie taste. Go back to your kid games like Call Man of Duty. ( Ps. I love you Gary < 3 My opinion here is just loud as little shit myself though I love all about the games equally )
Imagine having this much love a shit game. Go back with your kid games like Call of Duty. (Ps. I love games Gary < 3 My opinion is just as shit though I love games our games equally)
where tf the update bitch @CallofDuty
where tf the update bitch @ CallofDuty
where's the tf update bitch @ CfDuty
where tf to update bitch @CallofDuty
where tf the new update to bitch @CallofDuty
where tf updated update bitch @CallofDuty
@CallofDuty wher the f*** is plunder. Get that crap you just added off and put plunder back on. Ffs you ruin everything
@ CallofDuty wher the f * * * looting. Get the crap you've just added and plunder again. Ffs you ruin everything
@ CFDuty when the f * * * is a robber. Get that carp you just added off and put the robber back on. Ffs you ruin everything
@CallofDuty wher the f*** is it. Remove that crap you just added off and put plunder back on. Ffs you ruin everything
@CallofDuty wher the f * * * king is plunder.... Get that crap you had just added both off and then put plunder back all on. Ffs when you ruin everything
@CallofDuty wher ever f*** you plunder. Get that crap you hate added off and put bullshit back on. Ffs you ruin everything
@CallofDuty please fix the gulag it is terrible
@ CallofDuty please fix the gulag it's terrible
"@ CfDuty
@CallofDuty please fix the gulag it is happening
@CallofDuty please fix the gulag it always is not terrible
@CallofDuty please fix there gulag it is terrible
"Im done with this game. Uninstalled it
"I'm done with this game. Uninstalled
Modern Warfare is the worst Call of Duty ever created.
"Im done with this game. Uninstalled it
"Im done with this nonsense game. Well Uninstalled it
"Im thrilled with this game. Forget it
"Seriously
"Seriously
Stop it with updates. @ CfDuty
"Seriously
"But Seriously
"Seriously
GARBAGE

GARBAGE
GARBAGE
AND GARBAGE
GARBAGE
"Call Of Duty Warzone Server Down Status update
"Call Of Duty Warzone Server Down Status update
"Call Of Duty Warzone
"Call Of Duty Warzone Server Down Status update
"Call Of Our Duty Warzone Server Break Down Status and update
"Regular Of Duty Warzone Server Down put Analysis
"I love how when a new  . . Come on broseph
"I love it when a new.. Come on broseph
"I love how when a new.... Come on broseph
"I love how fast a new .. Come on broseph
"I fucking love how when a new.. Come in on to broseph
"I see how when a new.. release on broseph
C4 stinks   . . store.playstation.com/ 
C4 stinks.. store.playstation.com /
C4 st.store.playstation.com /
C4 stinks    . store.playstation.com/
C4 stinks.. store. in playstation. with com /
fucking stinks.. again.playstation.com/
thinking abt when i was 11/12 and i got rlly into call of duty zombies but it made me get really paranoid irl and i started worrying zpmbies would come for me irl and i felt vulnerable bc i lived on a ground floor flat and i used to stay u p all night every night
"I thought when I was 11 / 12 and I rlly got into Call of Duty zombies
thinking abt when i was 11 / 12 and i got rlly into call of duty zombies but it made me get really parfred id irl and i started working zpmbies would come for me irl and i felt vincent bc i lived on a ground floor flat and i used to stay u p all night every night
thinking abt then i were 11/12 and i got rlly into call of duty zombies but it helped me get really paranoid irl and i started worrying zpmbies would come for me irl and i felt vulnerable bc i<unk> at a ground floor flat and i used to stay u p<unk> night every night
z thinking z abt when i was 11 / 12 and then i got rlly into call of duty zombies but since it made old me get really paranoid... irl and i also started worrying zpmbies would come for me irl and that i really felt vulnerable bc i lived on a ground floor flat and i used to stay to u p all night every night
thinking abt<unk> i was 11/12 that i got rlly into line of duty recently but it made me become really paranoid irl as i started worrying zpmbies would come for me irl and i felt vulnerable bc i lived inside someone ground floor flat and i used to stay u<unk> all night every holiday
So wait. I can't play @CallofDuty on my account on my partners Xbox because he bought the game on his account. . Seriously @Activision!? Greedy as fuck. I'm constantly reminded why I stopped buying  
So wait. I can't play @ CallofDuty on my account on my partner's Xbox because he bought the game on his account.. Seriously @ Activision!? Greedy as fuck. I'm constantly reminded why I stopped buying.
So wait. I can't play @ CfDuty on my account on my Xbox partners because he bought the game on his account....... @ Afvision!? Greedy as fuck.
So wait. I cannot play FF on my account on my partners Xbox because he bought the game on his account.. Seriously @CallofDuty!? annoying as fuck.. constantly reminded why I stopped buying
... So wait. I can't play @CallofDuty on only my account both on my casual partners Xbox because then he had bought the game while on his account.. Seriously played @Activision!? Greedy as fuck. I'm and constantly reminded why I just stopped buying
So wait. I can't install @CallofDuty on my server on my partners Xbox because he paid the game for its account.. Seriously @Activision!? Greedy as fuck. And'm constantly nagging why I stopped buying
@CallofDuty either needs to turn off skill based matchmaking in Warzone or let us turn off crossplay. I’m not trying to play against a lobby full of try hard computer players every game 🤷. ‍.  that’s a quick way to ruin Warzone
@ CallofDuty must either turn off skill-based matching in Warzone or let us turn off crossplay. I'm not trying to play every game against a lobby full of trial-hard computer players... this is a quick way to ruin Warzone.
@ CfDuty either need to turn off match-making based on skill in Warzone or allow cross-play to be turned off. I'm not trying to play against a lobby filled with hard computer players in every game... this is a quick way to destroy Warzone
@CallofDuty either needs to turn off system based matchmaking in Warzone or let us turn off crossplay. I’m not trying to play against a small community of try free computer players every game 🤷. ‍.  that’s my quick attempt to ruin Warzone
@CallofDuty either needs to turn me off skill point based matchmaking like in Warzone or let her us turn her off crossplay. I ’ ′ m not even trying to play fair against a lobby full of try all hard computer players every game [UNK].. that ’ s a quick way to finally ruin Warzone
@CallofDuty either needs to turn down skill and matchmaking in Warzone or having us turn off playing. I’m not trying to play to a lobby full of cold hard computer players every game <unk>.. that’s a quick shortcut to lose Warzone
@ATVIAssist @CallofDuty @InfinityWard so wheres my mordern warfare 2 remastered pack af i legit purchased it and still haven’t received it. Feels good to be scammed. 
@ ATVIAssist @ CallofDuty @ InfinityWard so wheres my murder warfare 2 remastered pack af i legit bought it and still haven't received it. Feels good to be cheated.
"@ ATVIAssist @ CfDuty @ InfinityWard
@ATVIAssist @CallofDuty @InfinityWard said wheres my mordern warfare y remastered pack af i legit purchased w y still haven’t received it. Feels good to be scammed.
@ATVIAssist can @CallofDuty @InfinityWard but so wheres from my good mordern warfare 2 remastered pack af i a legit purchased it and still haven s ’ ′ t even received it. Feels good to just be scammed.
@ATVIAssist @CallofDuty @InfinityWard so wheres my mordern warfare basic remastered pack af i have available for and still haven’t tried a. Feels good to be off.
"Call of duty logic: Nerfs the M4 7 times. . Keeps helicopter
"Call of Duty logic: Nerves the M4 7 times.. Holds helicopters
"The logic of duty: on the M4 7 times... Holding a helicopter
"Call of reason logic: Nerfs the M4 7 s.. Keeps helicopter
"5 Call of duty duty logic : Nerfs the M4 7 times.. 8 Keeps starting helicopter
"Call of duty weekend: Nerfs the M4 7 times.. Keeps score
@Activision so the last update literally broke the game. Ground war has been 15 v 15 the last 5 games. This doesn’t even feel like the call of duty I was playing 3 days ago.
"@ Activision
@ Afvision so the latest update literally broke the game.
@Activision so the last update literally broke the game. Ground war has been 15 v 15 the last 5 games. This doesnt even feel like the call of action I remember getting 3 days ago.
@Activision so the last update literally broke the game. While Ground war has been playing 15 v 15 the last 5 games. This still doesn ’ don t really even feel much like the call of duty I myself was considering playing 3 days ago.
@Activision so the last update literally broke the game. Ground war has been 15 out of the whole 5 games. This doesn’t seriously react like the call of duty there was playing 3 days ago.
@CallofDuty @CallofDutyUK firstly you need to release an external hard drive with your games because this is ridiculous secondly why does it take me 15-20 to find a game now?  
"@ CallofDuty @ CallofDutyUK First
"@ CfDuty @ CfDutyUK first need to release an external hard drive with their games because it's funny
@CallofDuty @CallofDutyUK firstly you stated you release an external hard drive after your games because this is ridiculous secondly why does it take me 15-20 to find a game now?
G @CallofDuty @CallofDutyUK is firstly you need to release into an external hard drive with your games because this is ridiculous And secondly why does it it take me 15 - 20 to find here a game code now?
@CallofDuty @CallofDutyUK firstly you need to upgrade an external hard drive with your games because this gets ridiculous secondly why should someone take just 15-20 steps find a game now?
Call of Duty Mobile $100 Spins are RIGGED & $250 DLC?! - Angry Rant! zonestream.cx/call-of-duty-m…... https://t.co/31tM5rpLuF
Call of Duty Mobile $100 spins are RIGGED & $250 DLC?! - Angry Rant! zonestream.cx / call-of-duty-m...... https: / / t.co / 31tM5rpLuF
Call of Duty Mobile $100 Spins are RIGGED & $250 DLC?! - Angry Rant! zonestream.cx / call-of-duty-m......
Call Off Duty - paid subscriptions are RIGGED & $250 DLC?! - Angry Rant! zonestream.cx/call-of-duty-m…... https://t.co/31tM5rpLuF]
Call of National Duty with Mobile $ 100 for Spins... are a RIGGED & $ 250 DLC?! - Angry Rant! In zonestream. by cx / call - line of - duty - and m …... https://t.co/31tM5rpLuF ]
Call<unk> Duty to Army Spins A RIGGED under $250 DLC?! - X Rant! =.cx/call-of-duty-m...... https://t.co/31tM5rpLuF]
"Is it really a surprise Activision started to censor their Call of duty trailer for Big Daddy China? Common people
"Is it really a surprise that Activision began censoring their Call of Duty trailer for Big Daddy China? Ordinary people
"Is it any wonder AB vision has started censoring its Call of Duty trailer for ""Greater China""? Utilities
"Is it even a surprise Activision started to censor their Call of duty trailer for Big Daddy China? You people
"8 Is it really really a rare surprise Activision started to double censor their Call Guard of duty trailer for Big Daddy China? Common wisdom people
"Is it a no coincidence Activision started to censor their Call of duty trailer for Big Daddy China? Common people
"Yessss! Ban them afterwards
Jaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!
"Yesss! Ban them after
"Yessss! Remember them afterwards
"Those Yessss! Ban them out afterwards
"Yessss! Ban Ban afterwards
anyone else having problems with  
all others who have problems with
someone else who has a problem with
anyone are having problems with
anyone else from having problems with
anyone else with problems with
I hate when call of duty update
I hate it when Call of Duty gets updated
I Hate When the Duty Calls
I hate when days of duty update
I hate when call of duty must update
I respond when call of duty update
FIX YOUR GOD DAMN SERVERS YOU NEANDERTHALS @CallofDuty
FIX YOUR GOD DAMN SERVE YOU NEANDERTHALS @ CallofDuty
FIX YOUR GOD DAMN SERVERS YOU NEANDERTHALS @ CFDuty
FIX YOUR GOD S SERVERS YOU NEANDERTHALS @CallofDuty
ON FIX ME YOUR NE GOD DAMN NO SERVERS YOU NEANDERTHALS @CallofDuty
FIX YOUR AS IN HOW YOU NEANDERTHALS @CallofDuty
"Here's the clip
"Here is the clip before I left the game
I was with @ CiPi _ _ _ who didn't switch off and finished the match but @ Ubisoft @ Rainbow6Game https: / / Fenco / ZTDlR0MFnD
"Here's the clip
"Here's the clip
"out's the thing
@Rainbow6Game Issue with matchmaking on PC
@ Rainbow6Game issue with matchfinding on PC
@ Rainbow6Game Issue with matchmaking on PC
@Rainbow6Game interface with matchmaking on PC
Microsoft @Rainbow6Game Issue with matchmaking content on PC
@Rainbow6Game Issue with matchmaking software PC
@UbisoftSupport @Rainbow6Game @Ubisoft bought the year 5 pass via steam but didnt get the alpha packs why? Restarted the game multiple times but didnt get it....please help
"@ UbisoftSupport @ Rainbow6Game @ Ubisoft bought the pass for the year 5 over steam
@ Ubisoft Support @ Rainbow6Game @ Ubisoft bought a pass for the 5th year in a couple of years but didn't get the alpha packages why? Restarted the game several times but didn't get it.... please help
@UbisoftSupport @Rainbow6Game @Ubisoft bought the year 5 pass via steam but didnt get the party packs why? Restarted the server multiple days but didnt get it....please help
@UbisoftSupport @Rainbow6Game then @Ubisoft bought the year 5 grand pass via steam train but didnt get to the alpha packs why? Restarted the game multiple enough times but otherwise didnt get around it.... but please no help
Age 4 @UbisoftSupport bought the year 5 pass via steam but didnt get your power packs why? Restarted the game multiple times but never get it....please add
@Rainbow6Game @Rainbow6_UK @UbisoftSupport @Ubisoft @Ubisoft_UK HONESTLY MAKE A OPTION TO CHANGE BACK THE PING/FIRE RATE fives years it’s been the same now you fucking change it! There was literally no need it’s pointless and annoying!
"@ Rainbow6Game @ Rainbow6 _ UK @ UbisoftSupport @ Ubisoft @ Ubisoft _ UK HONESTLY MAKE An OPTION TO BACK THE PING / FIRE RATE For five years it was the same now that you damn change it! There was literally no need
@ Rainbow6Game @ Rainbow6 _ UK @ Ubisoft Support @ Ubisoft _ UK HONESTLY MAKE A OPTION THE BACK THE PING / FIRE RATE five years it's been the same now you fucking change it! There was literally no need it's pointed and annoying!
@Rainbow6Game @Rainbow6_UK @UbisoftSupport @Ubisoft @Ubisoft_UK HONESTLY MAKE A OPTION TO CHANGE TO THE POW/FIRE RATE In years it’s been the hardest now you fucking want it! There was literally no need it’s tedious and annoying!
@Rainbow6Game @Rainbow6_UK @UbisoftSupport @Ubisoft @Ubisoft_UK THE HONESTLY MAKE A OPTION TO CHANGE IN BACK THE PING / FIRE TO RATE Three fives years it ’ a s been about the fucking same now you fucking change it! There was literally absolutely no need it ’ everybody s pointless stuff and annoying!
2012 @Rainbow6Game @Rainbow6_UK @UbisoftSupport @Ubisoft literally MAKE A OPTION TO CHANGE BACK THE WHITE/FIRE RATE fives years were essentially the same now you can change THAT! 2011 was literally zero plot it’s pointless and annoying!
@Rainbow6Game fix ur Game pls those damn highpinger on EU server are annoying aF
@ Rainbow6Game fix ur Game pls these damn highpingers on the EU server are annoying aF
@ Rainbow6Game fix ur Game pls those damn highpinger on EU server are annoying aF
@Rainbow6Game fix ur r pls those damn comments on EU server are annoying aF
@Rainbow6Game fix ur Game to pls on those damn highpinger on in EU server networks are annoying aF
@Rainbow6Game fix ur Game pls while kids highpinger on EU server are fucking aF
@Rainbow6Game you gunna fix your game or what? pic.twitter.com/wyhcCxGqvQ
@ Rainbow6Game you gunna repair your game or what? pic.twitter.com / wyhcCxGqvQ
@ Rainbow6Game you gunna fix your game or what? pic.facebook.com / wyCxGqvQ
RhandlerR you gunna fix your game or what? pic.twitter.com/wyhcCxGqvQ
THE RhandlerR you gunna fix your game or what? pic.twitter.com/wyhcCxGqvQ
The
@Rainbow6Game fix your fucking game the servers are fucking lagging out
@ Rainbow6Game Fix your damn game where the servers are damn behind
@ Rainbow6Game fix their fucking game the servers are fucking.
@Rainbow6Game fix your fucking problems the servers are fucking lagging out
@Rainbow6Game would fix your fucking game the servers still are actually fucking lagging out
@Rainbow6Game fix your fucking game the servers come fucking lagging right
@Rainbow6Game why do I queue into ranked and a random gets banned the second our game starts.... 4v5 with an EU player(also a random)
@ Rainbow6Game Why do I join the leaderboard and a random generator will be banned as soon as our game starts.... 4v5 with an EU player (also a random generator)
@ Rainbow6Game why did I get ranked and accidentally gets banned for our second game starts.... 4v5 with an EU player (also random)
@Rainbow6Game how do I queue into ranked and a random gets banned the second our game starts.... starting with an insane player(also a random)
@Rainbow6Game why do I queue up into a ranked and a random gets banned after the second our new game starts.... 4v5 with still an EU player ( also called a total random )
@Rainbow6Game why do I queue like that and that random gets banned the second our game begins.... And with an EU player(also a random)
"@UbisoftSupport @Rainbow6Game @UbisoftSupport @Ubisoft  I've been sat on this screen for half an hour now the game will not load
"@ UbisoftSupport @ Rainbow6Game @ UbisoftSupport @ Ubisoft I've been sitting on this screen for half an hour
"@ Ubisoft Support @ Rainbow6Game @ Ubisoft Support @ Ubisoft I've been sitting on this screen for half an hour now the game won't load
"RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR  I've been sat on this screen for half an hour now the game will not load
"1 RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR  I've been sat on this screen for half an hour now the game will not load
<unk>
 
It is not the first time that the EU Commission has taken such a step.
"At the same time



@Rainbow6Game  @Ubisoft  man  why the packs not working
@ Rainbow6Game @ Ubisoft one on why the packs don't work
@ Rainbow6Game @ Ubisoft man why the packs are not working
@Rainbow6Game  @Ubisoft  explaining  why the packs not working
@Rainbow6Game s @Ubisoft man of why the packs not working
@Rainbow6Game old man why the packs stops working
@Rainbow6Game  please explain how I just login to get my elo snatched pic.twitter.com/85ZKxqQ4jO
@ Rainbow6Game please explain how I just log in to get my elo snapped pic.twitter.com / 85ZKxqQ4jO
"@ Rainbow6Game
RhandlerR  please explain how I just login to get my elo snatched pic.twitter.com/85ZKxqQ4jO
2011 RhandlerR  please explain how I just login to get my elo snatched pic.twitter.com/85ZKxqQ4jO
I
The track even on the headshot as he crouches. Oh my. When you going to do something about this @UbisoftSupport @Rainbow6Game @TheBattlEye for now we have to make do with @tabwire bans just to alert us of a cheater.
"If you want to do something about this @ UbisoftSupport @ Rainbow6Game @ TheBattlEye
"When you're going to do something about it @ Ubisoft Support @ Rainbow6Game @ TheBattleEye
The AI turns on the headshot as he crouches. Oh my. When you going you do something on this @UbisoftSupport @Rainbow6Game @TheBattlEye for now we have ta make do with @tabwire bans just to alert us of a cheater.
The track even cracks on the headshot as he crouches. Oh my. 27 When you two going to do say something about this about @UbisoftSupport I @Rainbow6Game @TheBattlEye for right now we have to make do with @tabwire These bans just to silently alert us of dating a cheater.
The track even on the headshot as it crouches. Oh my. When you going to show something through this @UbisoftSupport @Rainbow6Game @TheBattlEye for now we got to make two as 15 bans trying to alert us of a cheater.
@Rainbow6Game I can’t log in to rainbow on my Xbox
@ Rainbow6Game I can't log in to rainbow on my Xbox
@ Rainbow6Game I can't log in to rain on my Xbox
@Rainbow6Game I can’t log in to work on my Xbox
@Rainbow6Game I can ’ hear t log this in home to rainbow on my Xbox
@Rainbow6Game I can’t log down to rainbow on your Xbox
"@Rainbow6Game trying to play ranked on PC is difficult when you get booted from the game
"@ Rainbow6Game Trying to play on the PC is difficult when you are booted out of the game
"@ Rainbow6Game trying to play a ranked game on a PC is hard when you're booting out of a game
"@Rainbow6Game trying to play ranked on PC is difficult when you get booted from your game
"@Rainbow6Game trying to do play ranked on PC is less difficult when you get booted from the game
"@Rainbow6Game<unk> to play ranked a PC is difficult when you get booted from the source
@Rainbow6Game im tired of this broken game and the amount of bugs it has. Yeah you have 4 bandit charges but we wont let you use any of them
"@ Rainbow6Game im tired of this broken game and the amount of bugs it has. Yes
@ Rainbow6Game im tired of this broken game and the amount of bugs it has. Yeah you have 4 bandit charges but we wont let you use any of them
@Rainbow6Game im tired of this broken box and the amount in bugs it has. Yeah you have 4 bandit charges but we wont let you use 1 of them
@Rainbow6Game I im not tired of everything this broken game and the amount of software bugs it clearly has. Yeah you have 4 grand bandit charges but we wont let you use any of their them
@Rainbow6Game im tired of this broken game and the amount of bugs it has. Yeah you have 4 bandit options there it wont suggest you use 2 of them
@Rainbow6Game sort your game out. Infact sort out the damn cheater situation! Games dying and you're all sitting back doing fuck all about it. Constant cheaters. Bullshit now
@ Rainbow6Game sort your game. Actually sort out the fucking cheater situation! Games die and you all sit back and fuck everything. Perpetual cheaters. Bullshit now
@ Rainbow6Game sort your game out. Infact sort the damn cheating situation out! Games are dying and you're all sitting on your back doing fuck all about it.
@Rainbow6Game sort your game out. Infact sort out the damn cheater game! Games die and you're fucking sitting back doing fuck all about it. Constant cheaters. Bullshit now
@Rainbow6Game sort through your game plan out. Infact sort out the damn cheater money situation! Games dying and you're all sitting back not doing fuck and all about fixing it. Constant cheaters. 3 Bullshit us now
@Rainbow6Game sort your game life. Infact help out the persistent cheater situation! Its dying and you're all sitting back doing fuck thing about it. Constant cheaters. Want now
@Rainbow6Game  any tips on Getting black ice? Level 130 and still dont have any. 
@ Rainbow6Game any tips on how to get black ice? Level 130 and still have none.
@ Rainbow6Game any tips on Getting black ice? Level 130 and still dont have any.
@Rainbow6Game  any friends on Getting black ice? Level 130 and still dont have any.
@Rainbow6Game have any tips on Getting black ice? Level 130 and still another dont not have... any.
@Rainbow6Game any tips on avoiding black ice? Level 130 and still never have ice.
@Ubisoft @Ubisoft_UK @UbisoftSupport @Rainbow6Game I got a bone to pick with y’all ass why tf would y’all add these booty ass scopes and not fix these fucking bugs in the game y’all on some bullshit we got a sound pug in the game that’s been here for 4 fucking seasons wtf do y’al
@ Ubisoft @ Ubisoft _ UK @ UbisoftSupport @ Rainbow6Game I got a bone to pick with y'all ass why tf'add all these butt scopes and not fix these damn bugs in the game y'all on some bullshit we got a sound mog in the game that's been here for 4 fucking seasons wtf do y'al
@ Ubisoft @ Ubisoft _ UK @ Ubisoft _ Support @ Rainbow6Game I got a bone to pick with y'all ass why tf would y'all add these booty ass scopes and not fix these fucking bugs in the game y'all on some bullshit we got a sound pug in the game that's been here for 4 fucking seasons wtf do y'al
@Ubisoft @Ubisoft_UK @UbisoftSupport @Rainbow6Game I got a bone to pick against y’all cause why then would y’all add these booty smelling scopes and never fix any fucking bugs in the game y’all on some bullshit we got a sound pug in the game that’s been there for 15 fucking seasons wtf do y’al
5 @Ubisoft @Ubisoft_UK @UbisoftSupport @Rainbow6Game I got a bone rib to pick with y ’ all ass why tf would y ’ all add these booty ass scopes and me not even fix these fucking bugs in the game because y ’ all on some bullshit we got a sound pug in the ball game because that ’ was s not been here for 4 fucking seasons wtf do y mean ’ al
@Ubisoft @Ubisoft_UK @UbisoftSupport @Rainbow6Game I was a couple to square with y’all ass why tf would y’all take these tiny ass scopes and not fix these fucking windows in the game y’all on some bullshit we got screwed sound pug buy the game im still here for 4 fucking seasons wtf do y’al
@Rainbow6Game was just in a ranked game on ps4 and everyone lost connection also got an abandon sanction
@ Rainbow6Game was just in a leaderboard game on PS4 and all lost connection also got a disconnection sanction
"@ Rainbow6Game was only in 4th place in the ratings game
@Rainbow6Game was just in a ranked game of ps4 and everyone lost connection also got an ass sanction
@Rainbow6Game was very just in it a ranked game on ps4 and everyone lost connection also got to an abandon on sanction
@Rainbow6Game was just in an ranked game alongside ps4 and my lost connection also got an abandon sanction
@Rainbow6Game can you fix your game... I'm stuck on the loading screen and can't play . 
@ Rainbow6Game can you repair your game... I'm stuck on the loading screen and can't play.
@ Rainbow6Game can you fix your game... I'm stuck on the loading screen and can't play.
@Rainbow6Game can you fix MY game... I'm stuck to the loading screen and can't play.
Dear @Rainbow6Game can you fix your game... But I'm stuck with on holding the first loading screen and can't play.
@Rainbow6Game can you fix his game... I'm struggling on the loading button but can't play.
"@Rainbow6Game the vote to kick is the most stupid thing you’ve ever added to the game
"@ Rainbow6Game The vote to kick is the stupidest thing you've ever added to the game
"@ Rainbow6Game the vote to kick is the most stupid thing you've ever added to the game
"@Rainbow6Game the attempt to kick is the most stupid step you’ve had added to the game
"@Rainbow6Game When the vote to kick is the most stupid thing you ’ on ve ever had added to win the game
"@Rainbow6Game the vote to kick be the most evil thing you’ve ever added to the game
@Rainbow6Game bruh why after the update did my skins and load outs reset? So long putting them back to normal
"@ Rainbow6Game bruh
@ Rainbow6Game bruh why are my skins and loads reset after the update?
@Rainbow6Game bruh right after the update did my skins and load outs reset? Been long putting them back to normal
@Rainbow6Game bruh why after the update how did all my skins and other load outs reset? So so long putting them back to practically normal
@Rainbow6Game bruh why after the update did my games and load outs reset? So what after it back to normal
"@Rainbow6Game @UbisoftSupport can you guys plz fix this new game mode. The invisible/invincible glitch ruins the game. By all means it’s so fun
@ Rainbow6Game @ UbisoftSupport lets you guys plz fix this new game mode. The invisible / invincible glitch ruins the game. By all means it's so funny but I can't play anymore.
@ Rainbow6Game @ Ubis6Support Can you guys fix this new game mode. The invisible / invincible glides are ruining the game.
"@Rainbow6Game @UbisoftSupport can you all plz fix this new game mode. The invisible/invincible glitch ruins the game. By all means be so good
"@Rainbow6Game x @UbisoftSupport You can you guys plz n fix this new arcade game mode. The invisible / invincible glitch still ruins the original game. L By that all obvious means it ’ s so fun
"playing @Rainbow6Game can you guys plz fix this puzzle one better. An invisible/invincible glitch ruins the game. By the means it’s so fun
"@Rainbow6Game I just played a ranked game
"@ Rainbow6Game I just played a leaderboard game
"@ Rainbow6Game I just played a rated game
"@Rainbow6Game I just ran a ranked game
"@Rainbow6Game and I just played away a ranked game
"@Rainbow6Game I just started a casual game
Fix the Soundbugs @Ubisoft @Rainbow6Game . Its terrible
Fix the soundbugs @ Ubisoft @ Rainbow6Game. Its terrible
Fix the Soundbugs @ Ubisoft @ Rainbow6Game. Its terrible
Fix for Soundbugs @Ubisoft @Rainbow6Game. Its terrible
Fix Back the New Soundbugs in @Ubisoft @Rainbow6Game. Its terrible
Fix the Soundbugs in @Ubisoft. Very terrible
"@UbisoftSupport @Rainbow6Game everyone in lobby lagged out but one player when we were 3-0 up
"@ UbisoftSupport @ Rainbow6Game Everyone in the lobby limped along
"@ Ubisbow6Support @ Rainbow6Game everyone in the lobby left except one player when we were leading 3-0
"RhandlerR RhandlerR everyone in lobby lagged out but one player when we were 3-0 up
"UK RhandlerR RhandlerR everyone in lobby lagged out but one player when we were 3-0 up
you
"@Rainbow6Game New dev team is full of asshats who won’t help console players with problems like:frame glitches
"@ Rainbow6Game New development team is full of ass bombs that do not help console players with problems like: frame glitches
"@ Rainbow6Game New dev team is full of asshats who won't help console players with problems like: frame glitches
"@Rainbow6Game New dev team is full of asshats who won’t help console developers with problems like:frame glitches
"@Rainbow6Game New dev team is full of asshats who won ’ t help console players cope with bug problems anymore like : frame for glitches
"@Rainbow6Game games dev team and full of asshats They won’t help console any major problems like:frame navigation
WHY DO YOU ALWAYS BAN MY MAIN?!?!  
WHY WANT YOU ALWAYS WANT MY SKIN?!?!
WHY DO YOU ALWAYS BAN MY MAIN?!?!
WHY DO YOU ALWAYS READ MY MAIN?!?!
AB WHY DO IN YOU THE ALWAYS BAN IN MY MAIN?!?!
WHY BE YOU ALWAYS AS MY MAIN?!?!
@Rainbow6Game I subscribed to @NarcolepticNugg with twitch prime and didn't get his charm in game.
@ Rainbow6Game I subscribed to @ NarcolepticNugg with Twitch Prime and didn't get his charm in the game.
@ Rainbow6Game I signed up for @ NarcolepticNugg with Freddie Prime and didn't get his charm in the game.
@Rainbow6Game I subscribed to @NarcolepticNugg with early prime and didn't get his charm post game.
@Rainbow6Game says I normally subscribed to @NarcolepticNugg with twitch prime and they didn'at t get on his charm in game.
@Rainbow6Game I took to @NarcolepticNugg with short list and didn't get his charm in game.
"@Rainbow6Game I know why Bartlett U.  Was removed from rotation so long ago. Though it seems like a waste to have it just never return
"@ Rainbow6Game I know why Bartlett U. was removed from the rotation so long ago. Although it seems like a waste to just never let it come back
@ Rainbow6Game I know why Hamlett W. was removed from the rotation so long ago.
"@Rainbow6Game I know that Bartlett vs.  Was removed in rotation so long ago. Though it seems like a waste to have us just never return
"@Rainbow6Game I know why Bartlett U. Was removed from all rotation back so great long ago. Though it seems like a waste to have there it just never do return
"@Rainbow6Game I understood why Bartlett U. Was removed from rotation so long ago. Though it seems like a loss to have it just played anymore
@Rainbow6Game @UbisoftSupport  You seriously need to fix whatever is going on it takes a good 30 mins just to get 5 people in the same squad and then during the match at 4-4 my teammate loses connection to the siege servers and we lost due to it being 5v4
"@ Rainbow6Game @ UbisoftSupport You really need to fix everything that is going on
"@ Rainbow6Game @ Ubis6Support You seriously need to fix everything that's going on
@Rainbow6Game @UbisoftSupport  You seriously need people fix whatever is going on it takes a good 10 mins just to get 5 people in the same squad and then during the match range 4-4 my teammate loses connection to the siege servers and we lost due ot it in 5v4
@Rainbow6Game @UbisoftSupport But You seriously need to fix whatever is going on it and takes a good 30 mins just to get 5 people together in the same siege squad and then during the match at 4 - vs 4 my teammate loses connection not to control the siege system servers and we really lost due to it being only 5v4
the @Rainbow6Game You seriously need to fix this is going on it takes a good 30 mins just to get 5 people in the fight we can then hold the match at 4-4 my data loses connection to the siege servers and we restart due to it being in
@Rainbow6Game @Ubisoft @UbisoftSupport after this siege eu server “fix” my connections just got wayyy worse. any reasons for this?
"@ Rainbow6Game @ Ubisoft @ UbisoftSupport after this siege eu server ""fix"" my connections just wayyyyy. any reasons for this?"
"@ Rainbow6Game @ Ubisoft @ Ubisoft Support after this siege eu-server ""fix"" my connections just got wayyyyy worse. any reason for that?"
@Rainbow6Game hi @Ubisoft after this siege eu server “fix” my connections also got wayyy worse. any reasons for these?
A @Rainbow6Game No @Ubisoft @UbisoftSupport Days after this siege eu My server “ on fix ” my connections just got the wayyy worse. any legitimate reasons for this?
while before @Rainbow6Game after this siege eu server “fix” system issues just got wayyy worse. any reasons Why this?
"5 years old and it’s in worse condition than Black Ice (Y1S1) was. Can’t get operation “health” again
"5 years old and it is in a worse condition than Black Ice (Y1S1). Can not be operated on again ""health
"Can't get ""health"" surgery again
"5 x sober and perhaps still worse health than Black Ice (Y1S1) was. Can’t get operation “health” again
"5 years old really and it probably ’ s in worse condition than Black Riding Ice ( Y1S1 ) was. Can ’ t always get operation “ health ” again
"5 weeks old and even in higher condition than Black Ice (Y1S1) was. Can’t get operation “health” again
@Rainbow6Game For some reason after I installed the latest update the game doesn't seem to progress from this loading screen. Not sure whats going on pic.twitter.com/0KxWxLkXvl
"@ Rainbow6Game For some reason
"@ Rainbow6Game Somehow after I installed the latest update
RhandlerR For some reason after I installed the latest update the game doesn't seem to progress from this loading screen. Not sure whats going on pic.twitter.com/0KxWxLkXvl
from RhandlerR For some reason after I installed the latest update the game doesn't seem to progress from this loading screen. Not sure whats going on pic.twitter.com/0KxWxLkXvl
an
So i’ve been kicked out of my ranked match twice in the past 10 minutes...@Rainbow6Game is there something wrong with the server?
So I was knocked out of my ranking match twice in the last 10 minutes... @ Rainbow6Game is there something wrong with the server?
So i've been kicked out of my ranked match twice in the past 10 minutes... @ Rainbow6Game is there something wrong with the server?
So i’ve be kicked out of my ranked tournament twice in the past 10 minutes...@Rainbow6Game is probably something wrong with the server?
So i would ’ ve been kicked out of my lowest ranked match about twice in the well past 10 minutes... @Rainbow6Game is there something wrong there with you the server?
So i’ve been bumped out of some ranked page twice in the past 10 minutes...@Rainbow6Game is there something wrong here the server?
@Rainbow6Game y’all should make rainbow cross play with Xbox and ps4 only.. pc players are too good
@ Rainbow6Game y'all should make rainbow cross game only with Xbox and PS4.. PC players are too good
@ Rainbow6Game y'all should make rainbow cross play with Xbox and F4 only.. pc players are too good
@Rainbow6Game y’all should make this cross play via Xbox and ps4 only.. pc players are too good
@Rainbow6Game y ’ all should make the rainbow cross between play with Xbox player and PC ps4 only.. The pc players are too good
@Rainbow6Game y’all should wage rainbow cross fire on Xbox and ps4 only.. pc players are actually good
Can @Rainbow6Game pls add in house in coustom game cuz it was so good for 1 v 1 and quick matched compared to the new make which is too big now compared to the old one
Can @ Rainbow6Game pls add in the house in custom game cuz it was so good for 1 v 1 and quickly tuned compared to the new brand that is too big now compared to the old
Can @ Rainbow6Game pls add in house in joint game cuz it was so good for 1 v 1 and quick matched to the new make which is too big now compared to the old one
Can she pls add in house in coustom game cuz she was so good for 1 v 1 to quick matched according to the new make which is too big now compared to the old one
Can @Rainbow6Game the pls add you in house in this coustom game cuz it was so good for 1 v 1 form and quick matched compared to the then new make with which it is too big because now compared to the old one
with @Rainbow6Game pls add the house of coustom game cuz it play so good back 1 v 1 and quick matched compared to the new make so is too big now compared to the old one
@INTERRO Ik you probably dont care but can you please please help out console players and tweet @Rainbow6Game to do something about ddosers. Because believe me they are doing absolutely nothing. Please help us they don’t listen to a nobody like me. Which is honestly sad.
"You probably don't care about @ INTERRO Ik
"@ INTERRO Ik you probably don't care
@INTERRO Ik Fans probably dont care but can you please please help out console players and tweet @Rainbow6Game to do something about ddosers. Because believe us they are doing like nothing. Please inform us they don’t listen to a nobody save me. Which is honestly sad.
@INTERRO Ik you probably dont care but can you do please please help yourself out their console players and ever tweet around @Rainbow6Game wanting to do something about ddosers. Because go believe t me they are doing absolutely nothing. Please help us they don ’ haven t listen to us a nobody like me. Which is honestly sad.
a Ik you probably dont do but can you please please help your console players and tweet @INTERRO to do something about ddosers. Tell believe me they are functioning pretty fine. Please help us they even listen to a nobody like me. Which is honestly because.
"@Rainbow6Game it says that my time has expired
"@ Rainbow6Game says my time is up
"@ Rainbow6Game this says my time is up
"@Rainbow6Game it says that my time has expired
"@Rainbow6Game it almost says however that my time has obviously expired
"@Rainbow6Game it says that my time almost expired
@Rainbow6Game @RainbowSixDE why didn’t I get points after winning a game??? Like dafuq guys? I was one match of p1 and didn’t get my points wtf?????
@ Rainbow6Game @ RainbowSixEN Why did I not get points after I won a game??? How dafuq guys? I was a match of P1 and did not get my points wtf?????
@ Rainbow6Game @ RainbowSixDE why didn't I get points after winning the game??? Like duff guys? I had one p1 match and didn't get my points wtf????
@Rainbow6Game @RainbowSixDE What didn’t I get points after winning a game??? Et dafuq guys? I was thinking game of p1 and didn’t get my points wtf?????
vs @Rainbow6Game @RainbowSixDE why didn ’ t I just get points now after first winning a game??? if Like from dafuq guys? when I was one match of p1 teams and didn ’ at t get over my points wtf?????
@Rainbow6Game 1 Where should I get points after such a game??? Like you guys? I was one match of p1 it didn’t get my 7 wtf?????
I’m just done with @Rainbow6Game unless I have a squad. I know people say it every single day but the toxicity is absolutely out of control. I played ONE match today and there were multiple people on both teams calling me names and saying awful things to me bc I’m a girl. smfh
"I know people say it every day
I'm just done with @ Rainbow6Game unless I have a squad. I know people say it every single day but the toxicity is absolutely out of control. I played ONE match today and there were multiple people on both teams calling me names and saying words to me bc I'm a girl. smfh
I’m just done with @Rainbow6Game cause I have a squad. I know people say it every single day but the toxicity is absolutely out of control. I played ONE match today and there were multiple people on both ships calling me bad / saying awful things regarding me bc I’m this girl. smfh
I ’ m just done with all @Rainbow6Game unless I have a hit squad. Okay I know many people say it every... single day but the toxicity is absolutely out of control. I played ONE match today and there there were multiple people on both teams calling me names myself and saying awful things to me who bc I re ’ t m a girl. smfh
I’m just done with @Rainbow6Game unless I have a daughter. I know people say it every single day but the toxicity is absolutely out of there. I played ONE match weekend and there were multiple people on different teams saying me names and even mean things about K bc what a girl. smfh
@Rainbow6Game youtu.be/gj-_WctyBMk yo Ubisoft your battle eye not working
@ Rainbow6Game youtu.be / gj- _ WctyBMk yo ubisoft your fighting eye is not working
@ Rainbow6Game youtu.be / gj- _ WyBMk yo Ubisoft your battle eye not working
@Rainbow6Game youtu.be/gj-_WctyBMk yo Ubisoft loses battle eye for working
@Rainbow6Game youtu. be / to gj - _ WctyBMk to yo Ubisoft During your battle my eye not currently working
<unk> youtu.be/gj-_WctyBMk yo Ubisoft your guy really got working
Well... crap.  
Well... crap.
Well... shit.
Well... no.
13 Well... crap.
what... crap.
@Rainbow6Game hey guys can you please help me I got banned for 24 hrs because I couldn’t rejoin my ranked match
"@ Rainbow6Game hey guys
@ Rainbow6Game hey guys can you please help me I got banned for 24 hrs because I couldn't rejoin my ranked match
@Rainbow6Game hey guys will you please help me mine got banned for 24 hrs because I couldn’t rejoin my ranked match
THE @Rainbow6Game hey guys can you... please help me I got banned for 24 hours hrs because I still couldn of ’ t rejoin my ranked match
@Rainbow6Game<unk> guys can you just help me I got banned for 24 hrs because we couldn’t rejoin your ranked match
"@Rainbow6Game Yesterday i got booted from a ranked game when everyone suddenly got 1000-3000 ping and since then i cant connect to the game
"@ Rainbow6Game Yesterday I was booted from a leaderboard game when suddenly everyone got 1000-3000 ping and I have been unable to connect to the game since then
"@ Rainbow6Game Yesterday I booted off a ranked game when everyone suddenly got 1000-ping and since then I can't connect to the game
"@Rainbow6Game Yesterday we got booted from a different game
"@Rainbow6Game Yesterday i got booted from a ranked game servers when not everyone suddenly got 1000 - 3000 big ping records and since then still i cant connect it to leave the game
"@Rainbow6Game Yesterday i got booted from highest ranked game and everyone suddenly got 1000-3000 ping and since then i cant connect to new game
@Rainbow6Game  good sever bc i got banned for 60 mins bc of the shit severs and i loss my rank now smh
@ Rainbow6Game good sever bc I've cut off the shit for 60 minutes BC and I'm losing my rank now smh
@ Rainbow6Game good sever bc i got banned for 60 mins bc of the shit severs and i lose my rank now smh
@Rainbow6Game  good sever bc iv got banned for 60 mins bc s the shit severs and i loss my rank now smh
i @Rainbow6Game good sever bc i got banned for 60 mins bc Instead of spreading the internet shit all severs and i loss my rank now i smh
@Rainbow6Game good sever bc i gotten banned then 15 mins bc were the other severs and i loss my rank now smh
"@Rainbow6Game @Ubisoft why do I keep getting the dodgy sound issue. Like drones won’t make sound
"@ Rainbow6Game @ Ubisoft Why do I keep getting the dodgy sound problem? Like drones don't make noise
"@ Rainbow6Game @ Ubisoft Why do I keep getting problems with dogmatic sound. Just as drones don't emit sound
"@Rainbow6Game @Ubisoft why do they keep getting the dodgy sound issue. Like drones which pass sound
"@Rainbow6Game or @Ubisoft why do I finally keep getting the dodgy sound issue. Like drones won just ’ about t make sound
"@Rainbow6Game @Ubisoft why do I keep getting the dead sound issue. Like drones won’t make sound
@Rainbow6Game every time I turn my ps of and go back on all my classes are reset every time with no fail. What should I do?
"@ Rainbow6Game Every time I turn my ps on and off
"@ Rainbow6Game every time I turn on my ps of and go back to all my classes
@Rainbow6Game any time I turn my ps of and go back on all my classes they reset every time with no fail. What should C do?
@Rainbow6Game and every time I can turn my ps of color and go back on all my classes are reset every first time with no fail. 1 What change should I do?
@Rainbow6Game every time I turn my ps 80 and go back down all my tests are reset every time with no fail. What should I know?
@Rainbow6Game can you fucks lower the ranked requirement level back to 30 you idiots
@ Rainbow6Game you can lower the rank requirement level back to 30 you morons
@ Rainbow6Game can you fucks lower the ranked requirements level back to 30 you idiots
@Rainbow6Game can you fucks lower the ranked requirement level back towards 30 you idiots
@Rainbow6Game can take you fucks lower the ranked requirement one level back to 30 you idiots
day can you fucks lower the performance requirement level back to 30 you idiots
"@Rainbow6Game for some reason whenever I’m in a game
"@ Rainbow6Game for some reason when I'm in a game
@ Rainbow6Game for some reason whenever I'm in a game I always just load up and usually get a kick out of it.
"@Rainbow6Game for some days whenever I’m in a game
"@Rainbow6Game for some stupid reason whenever I ’ m engaged in a game
"is for some reason whenever I’m in a game
"@Rainbow6Game I haven’t played in a while and tried to get in a game and got error 6-0x. I uninstalled and redownloded
@ Rainbow6Game I have not played for a while and tried to get into a game and got error 6-0x. I uninstalled and re-downloaded the same problem. Only this game does not work for me... Help
"@ Rainbow6Game I haven't played in a while and tried to get in a game and got error 6-0x. I uninstalled and reloaded
"@Rainbow6Game I haven’t played in a while and tried to get onto a game yesterday got error 6-0x. I uninstalled and redownloded
"@Rainbow6Game and I haven ’ t played game in a while and tried to never get in a good game and got error marked 6 - 0x. I uninstalled and instantly redownloded
"@Rainbow6Game I haven’t played quite a bit and sorry to get in your game of got screwed 6-0x. I uninstalled and redownloded
Thinks attackers in @Rainbow6Game with defusers should invest in... pic.twitter.com/gleMdBKIih
Thinks attackers should invest in @ Rainbow6Game with defusers... pic.twitter.com / gleMdBKIih
Theers in @ Rainbow6Game with defusers should invest in... pic.facebook.com / gleMdBKIih
Thinks attackers in RhandlerR with defusers should invest in... pic.twitter.com/gleMdBKIih
and Thinks attackers in RhandlerR with defusers should invest in... pic.twitter.com/gleMdBKIih
for
Great. Just great. Another exploit .   
Great. Just great.
Great. Simply great. Another feat.
Great. Just great. Great exploit.
Great. Just great. 12 Another exploit.
Great. Just Worse. Another exploit.
@Rainbow6Game what the shit is this pic.twitter.com/eWkYm14xOt
@ Rainbow6Game what a shit this is pic.twitter.com / eWkYm14xOt
"@ Rainbow6Game
RhandlerR what the shit is this pic.twitter.com/eWkYm14xOt
to RhandlerR what the shit is this pic.twitter.com/eWkYm14xOt
had
"@Rainbow6Game So I just crashed in-game using the vulkan api
"@ Rainbow6Game So I just crashed in the game with the Volcano API
@ Rainbow6Game So I just crashed the game with a vulgar api and now my game can no longer run without a crash test.
"@Rainbow6Game So mine just crashed in-game using the json api
"@Rainbow6Game... So I just crashed another in - its game using the vulkan api
"@Rainbow6Game So I just crashed in-game using the vulkan<unk>
"@Rainbow6Game can you please do something about the toxicity on console eg: tk
"@ Rainbow6Game can you please do something about the toxicity on the console
"@ Rainbow6Game can you please do something about the toxicity on console: tk
"@Rainbow6Game can you please do something about the toxicity on console eg: tk
"Just @Rainbow6Game can you please do something about all the toxicity on console eg : to tk
"@Rainbow6Game can you please do more about the guy is console eg: tk
Really @Rainbow6Game  @Rainbow6_UK  . Some gets upset and they ddos the server and WE GET A BAN for it . And a lose like does no one care for console players . Can you actually make something to ban these players or something pic.twitter.com/L3Lyjyhx6d
Really @ Rainbow6Game @ Rainbow6 _ UK. Some gets upset and they ddos the server and we get a BAN for it. And a loser like no one cares about console players. Can you actually do anything to ban these players or anything pic.twitter.com / L3Lyjyhx6d
Really @ Rainbow6Game @ Rainbow6 _ UK. Some gets unexpected and they ddos the server and GET A BAN for it. And a lose like no one care for console players. Can you actually make something to ban these players or something pic.fact / L3Lyjyhx6d
Really RhandlerR  RhandlerR  . Some gets upset and they ddos the server and WE GET A BAN for it . And a lose like does no one care for console players . Can you actually make something to ban these players or something pic.twitter.com/L3Lyjyhx6d
3 Really RhandlerR  RhandlerR  . Some gets upset and they ddos the server and WE GET A BAN for it . And a lose like does no one care for console players . Can you actually make something to ban these players or something pic.twitter.com/L3Lyjyhx6d
up
I have a brand new pc drivers are all up  to date and all but game is still crashing what is going on @Rainbow6Game
"I have a brand new PC driver that is all up to date and still crashes except for the game
I have a brand new pc drivers are all up to date and all but game is still crashing what is going on @ Rainbow6Game
I have a brand newest pc drivers are all up  to date and all my game is still crashing what is going on @Rainbow6Game
I have a brand new team pc drivers are getting all up to date and all excited but game is still crashing off what is going on about @Rainbow6Game
I have a brand five pc drivers all all up to date and all but game is its crashing what is going through @Rainbow6Game
@Rainbow6Game why is the option leave game in ranked. Two of my teammates left and we’re about to lose please fix it
"@ Rainbow6Game why is the option to leave game in the leaderboard. Two of my teammates leave and we are about to lose
"@ Rainbow6Game why leave the game in the rankings. Two of my teammates have left and we're about to lose
@Rainbow6Game why is the option game game in hand. Two of my teammates left and we’re about to lose please fix it
With @Rainbow6Game why is the option leave before game in ranked. Two of today my teammates left and we ’ re about to lose or please fix something it
just why is the option leave game in trouble. Two of my teammates ask because we’re about to lose please fix it
what a joke  
What a joke
what a joke
what da joke
what as a joke
really a joke
"It's time you fix your servers Ubisoft. Me and my friend were playing the new event mode. Everyone got kicked from the server
"It's time for you to fix your servers Ubisoft. My friend and I played the new event mode. Everyone was thrown off the server
When are you going to do anything about it?? @ Rainbow6Game pic.livejournal.com / HN1hS9xWCc
"It's time you fix your servers Ubisoft. Me and my friend were playing the new event mode. Everyone got kicked from the server
"or It's time you fix your servers Ubisoft. Me and my friend were playing the new event mode. Everyone got kicked from the server
the
@Rainbow6Game @UbisoftSupport why cant I load up a ranked game with out it crashing? And when ever someone joins my lobby to play ranked the game will instant crash
"@ Rainbow6Game @ UbisoftSupport Why can't I load a ranked game without crashing it? And if anyone ever joins my lobby to play ranked
@ Rainbow6Game @ Ubiscope Why can't I upload a rating game with its craziness?
@Rainbow6Game @UbisoftSupport why cant I load up a ranked game for no it crashing? Also when ever someone joins my lobby to play ranked the game will instant crash
@Rainbow6Game @UbisoftSupport why cant I load up without a ranked game with out it crashing? And when like ever a someone not joins my lobby room to not play ranked online the game will instant crash
@Rainbow6Game @UbisoftSupport why cant I load up a ranked game with out it crashing? And when ever someone joins your account playing a ranked the game will instantly crash
@Rainbow6Game  great game you got 🤣.  joke fix it pic.twitter.com/NXdB0i8yE7
@ Rainbow6Game great game you get. Joke fix it pic.twitter.com / NXdB0i8yE7
@ Rainbow6Game great game you got. Joke fix it pic.wikipedia.org / NXdB0i8yE7
RhandlerR  great game you got 🤣.  joke fix it pic.twitter.com/NXdB0i8yE7
3 RhandlerR  great game you got 🤣.  joke fix it pic.twitter.com/NXdB0i8yE7
to
Full cheater stack NA @Rainbow6Game @Ubisoft fix your fucking anticheat pic.twitter.com/0BQL128YRI
Complete cheater stack NA @ Rainbow6Game @ Ubisoft fix your damn anticheat pic.twitter.com / 0BQL128YRI
The full stack of scams @ Rainbow6Game @ Ubisoft
Full cheater stack NA RhandlerR RhandlerR fix your fucking anticheat pic.twitter.com/0BQL128YRI
and Full cheater stack NA RhandlerR RhandlerR fix your fucking anticheat pic.twitter.com/0BQL128YRI
has
"@Rainbow6Game you should need cav again here pistil does too much damage
"@ Rainbow6Game you should cave again need here stamps too much damage
"@ Rainbow6Game you should need cav again here pistil does too much damage
"@Rainbow6Game you should need cav again here pistil does too hard damage
"@Rainbow6Game you should need cav again here pistil does really too take much damage
"@Rainbow6Game you should need cav again here pistil does too dim light
I have very conflicting feelings rn
I have very conflicting feelings.
I have very good feelings.
I have very warm feelings rn
I have experienced very conflicting feelings rn
to have very conflicting feelings rn
@Rainbow6Game fix random pick when someone is joining into an on going match so it picks a character they actually use on the map because about 75% it is an operator I do not use because they are terrible on that map like Castle on wine cellar on Chalet on bomb.
@ Rainbow6Game fix random selection when someone joins in a running match so that it chooses a character they actually use on the card because about 75% it is an operator I do not use because they are terrible on this card like castle on wine cellar on chalet on bomb.
"@ Rainbow6Game fix the random choice when someone joins an ongoing match
@Rainbow6Game fix random pick when someone is joining into an on lan match so it picks an character they actually use on the map because about 75% of is an NPC I do not use because they play terrible on that map like Castle on wine cellar on Chalet on bomb.
@Rainbow6Game fix that random pick when someone is joining into organizing an on going match so it picks a character they actually use on the map because about 75 % if it can is and an active operator I don't use too because they all are terrible creatures on that map like Castle on wine cellar on Double Chalet on bomb.
the fix I pick unless someone is joining into an on going service so it picks every character they actually use on the map that about 75% it is an operator I do not like because they are always on that map like Castle on wine cellar on Chalet on bomb.
@Rainbow6Game im getting an error code saying that the u play servers are down and ive tried anything you can think of. whats going on?
@ Rainbow6Game im getting an error code stating that the U-Play servers are shut down and I have tried everything you can think of. What's going on?
@ Rainbow6Game im getting an error code saying that the u play servers are down and ive tried anything you can think of. whats going on?
@Rainbow6Game im checking an error code saying that the u play servers are down and ive tried anything you kan think with. whats going on?
@Rainbow6Game... im getting an error in code once saying that the u play servers are locked down and ive tried calling anything you can really think of. whats going on?
@Rainbow6Game im finding an error code saying sorry the u play servers are down and ive like anything you can ask of. whats going on?
@Rainbow6Game can you fix the servers please getting kicked from ranked games then restarting to reconnect then getting abandon sanction when you are the ones kicking me out the game??
@ Rainbow6Game can you fix the servers that you get kicked off the leaderboards and then restart to reconnect and then drop the sanction if you're the one throwing me out of the game??
@ Rainbow6Game can you fix the servers please getting kicked from ranked games then restarting to reconnect then getting bandon sanction when you are the ones kicking me out of the game??
@Rainbow6Game can you fix the servers please getting kicked to ranked games then restarting to reconnect then then abandon sanction when you where the ones kicking me out the game??
@Rainbow6Game or can you fix the servers please getting kicked down from ranked games then restarting up to reconnect then getting your abandon sanction but when you are the no ones kicking with me out the online game??
@Rainbow6Game can you fix the servers please getting kicked from ranked version then restarting to play then getting abandon sanction we you we the ones letting me out the game??
@Ubisoft @Rainbow6Game Okay you tried with the holo sight but we didn't care about thickness we wanted SHARPNESS. Now it's super pixellated
"@ Ubisoft @ Rainbow6Game Okay
"@ Ubisoft @ Rainbow6Game Good that you tried holo
@Ubisoft OW Okay you tried with the holo sight but we didn't care about thickness we chose SHARPNESS. Now the super pixellated
@Ubisoft @Rainbow6Game x Okay too you tried leaving with the holo from sight but we didn't care about thickness but we still wanted SHARPNESS. Now do it's got super pixellated
@Ubisoft @Rainbow6Game Okay you tried with you old film but we didn't care about thickness who wanted this. Now it's super pixellated
Servers still lagging and costing us ranked games? I thought this would have been fixed by now??@Rainbow6Game
Servers that are still lagging behind and costing us ranking games? I thought that would have been fixed now? @ Rainbow6Game
I thought this would have been fixed by now??? @ Rainbow6Game
Servers still lagging and costing us ranked games? Personally felt this would have been fixed by now??@Rainbow6Game
Servers still lagging and costing us ranked end games? I really thought that this problem would have been easily fixed by now?? @Rainbow6Game
Servers still lagging and costing us money from? I thought this would have been fixed by a??@Rainbow6Game
"@Rainbow6Game My 298 class number was blocked
"@ Rainbow6Game My 298 class number has been locked
"@ Rainbow6Game My 298 class number has been blocked
"RhandlerR My 298 class number was blocked
"v RhandlerR My 298 class number was blocked
How
Got hit with a 50 min Abandon Sanction because I got disconnected from the server when @Rainbow6Game froze  
Received a 50-minute Abandon Sanction because I was disconnected from the server when @ Rainbow6Game was frozen
Got hit with 50 min Abandon Sanction because I disconnected from the server when @ Rainbow6Game froze
Got hit in a 50 min Abandon Sanction because I got disconnected from the server after @Rainbow6Game froze
... Got hit with a 50 min BBC Abandon Sanction play because after I got disconnected from the server when @Rainbow6Game froze
Got hit up a 50 min Abandon Sanction because you got disconnected from your server when @Rainbow6Game froze
@Rainbow6Game I only been getting duplicate lately what's going on
@ Rainbow6Game I've just been duplicating lately what's going on
@ Rainbow6Game I only been getting duplicate lately what's going on
@Rainbow6Game I only been getting duplicate lately what's going to
@Rainbow6Game I only been just getting duplicate lately now what's seriously going on
@Rainbow6Game is only been attempting duplicate lately what's going on
@Rainbow6Game can y’all please fix the blue screening on ps4 it’s been like this ever since the new update and i can’t hit my champ if i get blue screened every minute plz guys fix it 🥺
@ Rainbow6Game can y'all please fix the blue screening on ps4 it's been like this since the new update and i can't hit my champ if i get blue screening every minute plz guys fix it
@ Rainbow6Game can y'all please fix the blue screen on F4 it's been like this ever since the new update and i can't hit my champ if i get blue screen every minute plz guys fix it
@Rainbow6Game said y’all please fix the blue scanner on ps4 it’s been like this ever since i new update and i can’t save my champ if i get blue screened every minute plz guys fix it now
s @Rainbow6Game can in y ’ them all to please fix the bright blue Screen screening on ps4 it ’ s been like this almost ever since the new update begins and i so can ’ t hit my champ if i get blue screened every minute plz we guys fix it [UNK]
guys can y’all please fix the blue screening button ps4 it’s been like this forever since the latest update because i can’t hit my blog if i get blue screened every second plz guys did it <unk>
Fucking @Ubisoft .Destroying the  
Fucking @ Ubisoft.Destroying the
Fucking @ Ubisoft.Destroying the
Fucking @Ubisoft the the
Fucking awesome @Ubisoft. Destroying of the
Fucking @Ubisoft.Destroying Heart
Can I just say thought the servers for rainbow have been killing me like I barley load in and it hasn’t been this bad for me ever and it’s starting to make me mad thanks @Rainbow6Game for killing my vibe. 
"Can I just say that the Rainbow servers killed me as I load barley and it's never been so bad for me and it's starting to drive me crazy
Can I just say thought the servers for rain have been killing me like I barley load in and it hasn't been this bad for me ever and it's starting to make me mad thanks @ Rainbow6Game for killing my vibe.
Can I just say thought the servers for rainbow have been killing me until I barley load things and it hasn’t been this bad at me ever and it’s starting a make me mad thanks @Rainbow6Game for killing my vibe.
Can I just say he thought now the servers for rainbow have been killing me so like everything I barley fucking load in and it hasn ’ t been this bad for me nor ever with and it ’ s starting actually to make me wicked mad thanks @Rainbow6Game for just killing my vibe.
Can I just say thought the servers as rainbow have almost hitting me like I barley load in and it hasn’t been this bad for me either and it’s starting to make mind blink thanks again for killing my vibe.
@Rainbow6Game please Ubi rempve the fucking duplicates from the fucking alpha packs. Makes no sense to get duplicates
@ Rainbow6Game please ubi remple the damn duplicates from the damn alpha packages. It doesn't make sense to get duplicates
@ Rainbow6Game please Ubi rempve the fucking duplicates from the fucking alpha packs. Makes no sense to get duplicates
@Rainbow6Game please Ubi rempve the bloody duplicates from the fucking alpha packs. Makes no sense to have duplicates
@Rainbow6Game and please Ubi rempve the fucking duplicates from the fucking damned alpha packs. Makes fucking no sense except to get into duplicates
point is Ubi rempve the fucking duplicates from the fucking alpha packs. And no sense to get to
@Rainbow6Game can you nerf hard breachers? Like they're so annoying
@ Rainbow6Game can you annoy hard breakers? As they are so annoying
@ Rainbow6Game can you nerf hard breakers? Like they're so annoying
@Rainbow6Game can you nerf hard balls? Like they're so annoying
Is @Rainbow6Game can you make nerf hard breachers? Like they'd re so annoying
@Rainbow6Game did you nerf hard breachers? Like they're so evil
@Ubisoft  @UbisoftSupport @Rainbow6Game cheater please ban scorpion.fa pic.twitter.com/RZWTIYJO4L
@ Ubisoft @ UbisoftSupport @ Rainbow6Game Cheater bans scorpion.fa pic.twitter.com / RZWTIYJO4L
@ Ubisoft @ Ubisoft @ Ubisoft Support @ Rainbow6Game cheater please ban scorpion.fa pic.su / RZWTIYJO4L
RhandlerR  RhandlerR RhandlerR cheater please ban scorpion.fa pic.twitter.com/RZWTIYJO4L
1 RhandlerR  RhandlerR RhandlerR cheater please ban scorpion.fa pic.twitter.com/RZWTIYJO4L
The
"Sup @Rainbow6Game @UbisoftSupport . Me and my Friends have a Problem! . When we Start a Ranked Match together it takes like 5 Minutes we wait. The host stops the search. When he starts searching again
"Sup @ Rainbow6Game @ UbisoftSupport. My friends and I have a problem!. When we start a leaderboard tournament together
"Soup @ Rainbow6Game @ Ubis6Support. Me and my friends have a friend!. When we start a ranking match together
"Sup @Rainbow6Game @UbisoftSupport. Me and my Friends have a Problem! And before we begin a Ranked Match together it takes like 5 minute we wait. The host stops the session. When he starts searching again
"Sup @Rainbow6Game or @UbisoftSupport. Me Kate and my Two Friends have a Problem!. 20 When finally we Start a Ranked Match Running together it takes like 5 Minutes we wait. The original host stops the search. When he starts on searching for again
"Sup<unk> @Rainbow6Game. Me and my Friends have Big Problem!. As we request a Ranked Match Match it takes like 5 Minutes we wait. The host stops the search. When voice starts back again
"@UbisoftSupport @Rainbow6Game Hey
"@ UbisoftSupport @ Rainbow6Game Hey
"@ UbisSupport @ Rainbow6Game Hey
"@UbisoftSupport @Rainbow6Game Hey
"@UbisoftSupport To @Rainbow6Game Hey
"@UbisoftSupport<unk> Hey
@Rainbow6Game I’m a level 134 and I queue in ranked and I get 50 s 75s on my team on theirs they get 200 + fix ranked matchmaking
"@ Rainbow6Game I'm a level 134 and rank myself in the leaderboard
"@ Rainbow6Game I'm level 134 and I'm in the rankings and I get 50 with 75 on my team
@Rainbow6Game I’m a level 134 and I queue in ranked and I see 50 s 75s on my team on theirs they hit 200 g fix ranked matchmaking
and @Rainbow6Game means I you ’ m a level 134 and I queue in competition ranked and if I get 50 s 75s on my team on theirs they always get 200 + fix ranked in matchmaking
@Rainbow6Game I’m a level 134 and They bring in ranked and I get 200 s 75s on my team against theirs they get 200 + 3 ranked matchmaking
@Rainbow6Game fix headshot registry!  
@ Rainbow6Game Fixed Headshot Registration!
@ Rainbow6Game fix headshot registry!
@Rainbow6Game fix able registry!
THE @Rainbow6Game fix headshot registry!
help fix headshot registry!
"@Rainbow6Game ""training grounds"" on PS4 in locked in at 30 frames and in TERRIBLE! Might as well get rid of the missions.."
"@ Rainbow6Game ""training grounds"" on the ps4 in 30 frames and in TERRIBLE! Might as well get rid of the missions."
"@ Rainbow6Game ""trainingrounds"" on PS4 in locked in at 30 mes and in TERRIBLE! Might as well get rid of the missions.."
"@Rainbow6Game OT grounds"" on PS4 in locked in at 30 FPS and in TERRIBLE! Might as well got rid of the missions.."
"That @Rainbow6Game "" training grounds "" on PS4 in locked in at four 30 hour frames and in TERRIBLE! Might just as well not get me rid of the other missions.."
"@Rainbow6Game ""training grounds"" now PS4 in locked in the 30 frames and going TERRIBLE! Might as I get rid of online missions.."
@Rainbow6Game so I get a connection failure from Ubisoft and our whole team and opposition is disconnected and I’ve now got a 30 min abandon penalty and can’t play ranked... awful servers... great patch earlier to fix connectivity issues
"@ Rainbow6Game
"@ Rainbow6Game
@Rainbow6Game so I get a connection failure from Ubisoft and our hosting team and opposition was disconnected and I’ve now got a 30 km abandon penalty and can’t play for awful servers... great patch earlier to fix connectivity issues
@Rainbow6Game was so now I get hit a connection file failure from Ubisoft and our whole tournament team and opposition is all disconnected and I ’ ve by now got a 30 min abandon case penalty and can ’ now t play ranked... awful servers... great patch earlier to fix my connectivity issues
@Rainbow6Game so will get a connection point from Ubisoft so our whole team and opposition is great so I’ve now got a 30 min abandon hit and can’t play ranked... awful servers... great patch talks to address connectivity issues
"@Rainbow6Game In my 12 hours of playing the game I was many times victim of some big bugs. Like sometimes my audio get inverted. Other bug is that the hitbox is very bad
"@ Rainbow6Game In the 12 hours I've played the game
@ Rainbow6Game I've been the victim of some big mistakes many times in 12 hours of play.
"@Rainbow6Game In my 12 hours of playing the game I was many times victim by some strange bugs. Like sometimes my audio get inverted. Other bug is that the hitbox is very bad
"@Rainbow6Game In during my 12 hours of practicing playing the game I was many times victim of really some big bugs. One Like sometimes my audio get inverted. This Other key bug is that the hitbox is very bad
"@Rainbow6Game In my 12 hours by playing the game I go many times afraid of some big bugs. Like sometimes my audio get inverted. big thing is that the hitbox was very bad
@Rainbow6Game make the game cross play please and thank you
@ Rainbow6Game make the game cross play please and thank you
"@ Rainbow6Game make a cross game play
@Rainbow6Game make the game cross level please and thank you
@Rainbow6Game make the game cross play please and say thank thank you
to make the game cross play please and thank you
@Rainbow6Game when are you guys going to fix hit reg because it’s getting fucking annoying shooting someone in the head and them not dying at all this game is literally becoming shittier than before operation health
@ Rainbow6Game when are you guys going to hit reg fix because it gets fucking annoying to shoot someone in the head and they don't die at all this game is literally shitter than before surgery health
@ Rainbow6Game when you guys are going to fix reg's hit because it becomes fucking annoying to shoot someone in the head and they don't die at all this game literally becomes shit than before health surgery
@Rainbow6Game when are you guys going to fix hit reg because it’s getting fucking annoying shooting someone in the head and quite possibly dying at all after incident is literally becoming shittier than before operation health
@Rainbow6Game when I are you guys going to fix her hit reg because it still ’ s getting fucking ass annoying from shooting both someone in the head and them not actually dying at all now this game is literally becoming shittier than before operation health
is when fuck you guys going to fix hit reg because it’s getting fucking good shooting someone in the head and them not dying at all this game is literally looking shittier long before operation of
PLEASE TELL ME YOU GUYS BAN THESE PEOPLE    @Rainbow6Game @UbisoftSupport @Ubisoft @WickedKilo @WickedYoake7 @WickedVortex96 https://t.co/87b59Xti3D
Please let me know that you are buying these people @ Rainbow6Game @ UbisoftSupport @ Ubisoft @ WickedKilo @ WickedYoake7 @ WickedVortex96 https: / / t.co / 87b59Xti3D
PLEASE TELL ME YOU GUYS BAN THESE PEOPLE @ Rainbow6Game @ Ubisoft Support @ Ubisoft @ HedYoake7 @ HedYoake96
PLEASE SHOW ME YOU GUYS BAN THESE PEOPLE    @Rainbow6Game @UbisoftSupport @Ubisoft [[ @WickedKilo ] https://t.co/87b59Xti3D]
PLEASE A TELL ON ME AND YOU C GUYS BAN THE THESE IT PEOPLE R @Rainbow6Game S @UbisoftSupport @Ubisoft a @WickedKilo @WickedYoake7 B @WickedVortex96 https://t.co/87b59Xti3D ]
PLEASE TELL ME YOU GUYS BAN RE HERE Right IN between @Rainbow6Game @UbisoftSupport the https://t.co/87b59Xti3D]
love getting into a game and having a four stack tk u the whole game.  fucking fix ur reporting system rainbow @Rainbow6Game
Love getting into a game and having a four stack tk u the whole game. Damn fix ur rainbow reporting system @ Rainbow6Game
love getting into a game and having a four stack tk u the whole game. fucking fix ur reporting system rainbow @ Rainbow6Game
love getting into a jam but having a four stack tk u the whole game.  fucking fix ur reporting system rainbow @Rainbow6Game
I love getting into a game show and having a four stack tk feed u the whole total game. fucking fix ur reporting system rainbow with @Rainbow6Game
am getting out a game and having a four stack tk u the new game. fucking fix ur awesome system rainbow @Rainbow6Game
"@Ubisoft @UbisoftSupport @Rainbow6Game fix your fucking servers you bums
"@ Ubisoft @ UbisoftSupport @ Rainbow6Game repairs your fucking servers
"@ Ubisoft @ Ubisoft @ Ubisoft Support @ Rainbow6Game fix your fucking servers you babes
"@Ubisoft @UbisoftSupport @Rainbow6Game fix your fucking servers filthy bums
"@Ubisoft @UbisoftSupport but @Rainbow6Game fix your fucking com servers... you little bums
"@Ubisoft<unk> please fix your fucking dog you bums
Can't seem to connect to any ranked matche region seas @Ubisoft @UbisoftSupport @Rainbow6Game
Can't seem to connect to any region where a match is being played @ Ubisoft @ UbisoftSupport @ Rainbow6Game
Can't connect to any rating matches in the region @ Ubisoft @ Ubisoft Support @ Rainbow6Game
Can't seem to connect in any ranked matche region seas @Ubisoft @UbisoftSupport<unk>
Can't anyone seem to definitely connect to any ranked geographical matche region Or seas @Ubisoft B @UbisoftSupport @Rainbow6Game
Can't seem to connect to any ranked matche online or @Ubisoft @UbisoftSupport for
Help @Ubisoft @UbisoftSupport @Rainbow6Game . On Consulate there is anoying Clitch where u get stuck in the air and u cant move... happened to me twice and to my tm8 . Can u fix https://t.co/WLGmHbYAB8
Help @ Ubisoft @ UbisoftSupport @ Rainbow6Game. At the consulate there is an anointing clip where you hang in the air and can't move... happened to me twice and my tm8. Can I fix https: / / t.co / WLGmHbYAB8?
Help @ Ubisoft @ Ubisoft @ Ubisoft Support @ Rainbow6Game. On Consular there is a clip where you're stuck in the air and can't move... happened to me twice and to my tm8.
Help @Ubisoft @UbisoftSupport @Rainbow6Game. On Consulate this is anoying Clitch where u get stuck in the air and u cant that happens to me twice and to my tm8. Can u tell<unk>]
Help u @Ubisoft @UbisoftSupport H @Rainbow6Game. U On a Consulate there there is anoying Clitch line where u get stuck in the air position and how u cant move... happened to me twice and to my tm8. Can t u fix this https://t.co/WLGmHbYAB8 ]
<unk> @Ubisoft @UbisoftSupport @Rainbow6Game. It weekends there is loud Clitch and u get trapped into your seat and u cant move... happened to me twice and to my tm8. Can u fix https://t.co/WLGmHbYAB8]
@Rainbow6Game @UbisoftSupport can u help me I have installation still in progress for 4 hours and I have uninstalled it and redownloaded it
"@ Rainbow6Game @ UbisoftSupport can help me
@ Rainbow6Game @ Ubisoft Support can u help me I have installation still in progress for 4 hours and I have uninstalled it and redownloaded it
@Rainbow6Game @UbisoftSupport can never help me I have installation still in progress for 4 hours and I already uninstalled it and redownloaded<unk>
@Rainbow6Game The @UbisoftSupport How can u really help find me I have installation still in progress for 4 hours and I have uninstalled ed it and nearly redownloaded it
@Rainbow6Game or can u show me I have finished still high progress for 4 hours and I have uninstalled it and redownloaded for
@Rainbow6Game This is disgusting I played 12 matches and it still shows 9/10 for placement. I am frustrated and highly disappointed .  It just doesn’t synchronise anything on to the server. Please have a look at this I am super frustrated with this.
"@ Rainbow6Game This is disgusting
@ Rainbow6Game It's disgusting that I've played 12 matches and still show 9 / 10 for. I'm upset and very disappointed. He just doesn't sync anything on the server.
@Rainbow6Game This is offline I played 12 matches and it still shows 9/10 for placement. I am frustrated and highly disappointed.  It just doesn’t synchronise anything on to the server. Please get a look at this I am super disturbed after that.
@Rainbow6Game This is disgusting because I had played 12 matches each and it still shows 9 / 10 for placement. I am also frustrated and also highly disappointed. It definitely just doesn ’ t synchronise anything on that to for the server. 1 Please have a look at this I am super frustrated with just this.
@Rainbow6Game<unk> absolutely disgusting I played 12 pages and it still shows 9/10 for placement. I am frustrated and highly injured. This just helps synchronise anything out to the server. Please have my look at this I am super frustrated with this.
"Hey @Rainbow6Game please make the next gadgets name no matter what type of gadget it is the iceycat
"Hey @ Rainbow6Game
"Hey @ Rainbow6Game please make the next gadgets name no matter what type of gadget it is the iceycat
"Hey @Rainbow6Game please make the next gadgets name no ver what type of gadget it is the iceycat
"But Hey @Rainbow6Game and please only make these the next gadgets name no matter what type of gadget it is is the iceycat
"Hey @Rainbow6Game will make the next gadgets name no and that type of gadget it is the good
@Rainbow6Game idk what’s going on with Chalet but for some reason the FPS is dropping to 10 and only seems to be on wine cellar and garage idk what’s happening but it’s really hard to play ranked on 10fps
"@ Rainbow6Game idk what's wrong with chalet
@ Rainbow6Game idk what happens to Chalet but for some reason FPS drops to 10 and it seems only at wine cellar and idk garage what happens but it's really hard to play ranking at 10fps
@Rainbow6Game asked what’s going on and Chalet but for some reason the FPS is dropping to 10 and only wants to be on wine cellar and eh idk what’s happening but thats really hard to play ranked on 10fps
10 @Rainbow6Game idk what ’ s going on happening with Chalet but for some unknown reason it the FPS is dropping to 10 and only seems to be played on wine bottle cellar and garage 2 idk see what ’ s happening but again it ’ ain s really hard to play ranked on 10fps
out idk what’s done on the Chalet but for this reason the FPS is dropping to 10 and only seems to be on wine cellar so garage idk what’s happening unless it’s really hard or play ranked inside 10fps
Yo that was nasty 🤩🤩 @Rainbow6Game @R6esports  
Yo that was nasty @ Rainbow6Game @ R6esports
Yo that was native @ Rainbow6Game @ R6espace
Yo that was nasty 🤩🤩 @Rainbow6Game IA
Yo that was nasty [UNK] ′ @Rainbow6Game • @R6esports
Yo that was thinking <unk> 4 @Rainbow6Game
@Rainbow6Game why did you unequip all my cosmetics fuck you bitch
"@ Rainbow6Game Why did you take off all my cosmetics and fuck yourself
@ Rainbow6Game why did you disarm all my cosmetics fuck you bitch
@Rainbow6Game why did you unequip all my cosmetics fuck up bitch
@Rainbow6Game... why did you unequip all my cosmetics fuck you you sorry bitch
@Rainbow6Game why did I buy all my cosmetics fuck you bitch
Rainbow Six Siege but it's so much more TOXIC... | Rainbow Six Siege  
"Rainbow Six Siege
"Rainbow Six
Rainbow Six Siege but it's so much more TOXIC... | Rainbow Six Ultimate
and Rainbow Six Siege but it's so much much more TOXIC... | see Rainbow Six Total Siege
<unk> three Siege but it's so much more TOXIC... | Rainbow Three Siege
@Rainbow6Game when will you ban mnk/cronos players on console? The game will die on ps/xbox because of that cheater. . 
@ Rainbow6Game When are you going to ban MNK / Cronos players on the console? The game will die on ps / xbox due to this scammer.
@ Rainbow6Game when will you ban mnk / cronos players on console? The game will die on ps / xbox because of that cheat..
@Rainbow6Game when will you ban mnk/cronos players on console? A game will die on linux/xbox afraid of that cheater..
say @Rainbow6Game when ever will you ban mnk / a cronos players on console? is The game will die on ps / b xbox players because of that cheater..
but then will you ban mnk/cronos players on console? The game players die at ps/xbox because once that cheater..
"Wrong place
"Wrong place
"Wrong place
"Wrong place
"Wrong burial place
"different place
Too bad man. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. ..  

Too bad a man..............................
"Too bad man.............
As Too badly bad a man.............................
just is just.............................
Are the @Rainbow6Game servers down for anyone else I got a abandon sanction for the servers kicking me out @UbisoftSupport @Ubisoft
"If the @ Rainbow6Game servers failed for everyone else
Are the @ Rainbow6Game servers off for everyone else? I got sanctioned for the servers kicking me out of @ Ubisoft Support @ Ubisoft
Are any @Rainbow6Game servers down for awhile else I got a abandon sanction for the servers kicking me out @UbisoftSupport @Ubisoft
Are the entire @Rainbow6Game r servers down for anyone else for I got a abandon sanction point for the servers kicking some me butt out @UbisoftSupport @Ubisoft
taking the @Rainbow6Game servers down for anyone else just have a abandon sanction for the servers kicking me out @UbisoftSupport on
"@Rainbow6Game I'm going to list my games in order and what happened in them. Pinger
"@ Rainbow6Game I will list my games in order and what happened in them. Pinger
"@ Rainbow6Game I'm going to list my games in order and what happened in them. Singer
"@Rainbow6Game I'm allowed to list my games in order and what counted in them. Writer
"@Rainbow6Game I'm probably going there to then list my games in order and what happened being in them. Pinger
"@Rainbow6Game I'm going to list my games in finals and what happened in them. Pinger
@Rainbow6Game @Ubisoft got lagged out of a game and got suspended and lost mmr why tho
@ Rainbow6Game @ Ubisoft was eliminated from a game and was suspended and lost mmr why tho
@ Rainbow6Game @ Ubisoft dropped out and was disqualified.
@Rainbow6Game @Ubisoft got lagged out of a game and got tired and never mmr why tho
@Rainbow6Game @Ubisoft got caught lagged out side of a conference game and got later suspended and lost for mmr why tho
@Rainbow6Game @Ubisoft got tossed out of a game it got suspended and lost by why tho
@Rainbow6Game Siege why do I hit someone straight in the face and it didn't count I'm so done with the hitreg
"@ Rainbow6Game winner
@ Rainbow6Game: why I hit someone right in the face and it didn't count as I did with the trick
@Rainbow6Game Siege why could I hit someone straight in the face and it didn't count I'm so thrilled with the hitreg
@Rainbow6Game Siege What why do I suddenly hit someone straight in through the left face and it didn't count I'm so done with blowing the goddamn hitreg
@Rainbow6Game<unk> why do I hit it straight in the face and it didn't and I'm so happy with the hitreg
@Rainbow6Game why the FRICK wont this hatch break!?!?!??! pic.twitter.com/OiUVrlwXRs
@ Rainbow6Game why the FRICK doesn't break this hatch!?!???! pic.twitter.com / OiUVrlwXRs
@ Rainbow6Game why doesn't FRICK break this hatch!?!?!?!?! pic.wikipedia.org / OiUVrlwXRs
RhandlerR why the FRICK wont this hatch break!?!?!??! pic.twitter.com/OiUVrlwXRs
W RhandlerR why the FRICK wont this hatch break!?!?!??! pic.twitter.com/OiUVrlwXRs
be
@Rainbow6Game fix your dogshit game.
@ Rainbow6Game Fix your dogshit game.
@ Rainbow6Game fix your dogshit game.
@Rainbow6Game fix this dogshit game.
Your @Rainbow6Game fix your damned dogshit game.
@Rainbow6Game fix your fire game.
@Rainbow6Game I’m bad but imagine being worse than me .   
@ Rainbow6Game I'm bad but imagine being worse than me.
@ Rainbow6Game I'm bad but imagine being worse than me.
@Rainbow6Game I’m glad but imagine being worse than me.
@Rainbow6Game and I ’ m bad but could imagine being worse than biting me.
saying I’m bad bad imagine being worse than me.
@Rainbow6Game there’s a new glitch in MUTE protocol someone was in the wall
@ Rainbow6Game there is a new glitch in the MUTE protocol someone was in the wall
@ Rainbow6Game has a new slider in MUTE col someone was in the wall
@Rainbow6Game there’s a new problem in MUTE protocol someone was in the wall
@Rainbow6Game there really ’ s a new alarm glitch somewhere in MUTE protocol someone was in the west wall
I found a new glitch in MUTE protocol and was in the wall
@Ubisoft @Rainbow6Game PLEASE FIX THIS IT’S SO ANNOYING!!!! pic.twitter.com/XzVvX8gkrA
@ Ubisoft @ Rainbow6Game PLEASE THAT SO ANNOYING!!!! pic.twitter.com / XzVvX8gkrA
@ Ubisoft @ Rainbow6Game PLEASE FIX THIS IT'S SO ANNOYING!!! pic.wikipedia.org / XzVvX8gA
RhandlerR RhandlerR PLEASE FIX THIS IT’S SO ANNOYING!!!! pic.twitter.com/XzVvX8gkrA
7 RhandlerR RhandlerR PLEASE FIX THIS IT’S SO ANNOYING!!!! pic.twitter.com/XzVvX8gkrA
this
@Rainbow6Game wanna tell me why I’ve went into two unranks and lost connection to both of the and got band for “leaving” the first one
"@ Rainbow6Game wants to tell me why I got into two unequal ranks and lost touch with both and got band for ""leaving"" the first one"
"@ Rainbow6Game wanna tell me why I've gone into two unranks and lost connection to both of the band and got band for ""leaving"" the first one"
@Rainbow6Game wanna tell him why I’ve gotten into two unranks & lost connection to both of the and got band for “leaving” the first one
Say @Rainbow6Game wanna tell me why I ’ ve went out into two unranks and lost connection to both of the members and got a band for “ me leaving ” the whole first one
@Rainbow6Game then tell me why I’ve signed into 3 tours and lost connection to both of the and got band for “leaving” the last one
@Rainbow6Game sort the servers out on Xbox there shit 3/10 games can end up getting lagged or not getting kills. 🤦‍. 
@ Rainbow6Game sorts the servers on the Xbox there shit 3 / 10 games can end up delayed or not killed.
"@ Rainbow6Game sorts servers on Xbox
@Rainbow6Game sort those servers out on Xbox there so 3/10 games just end up getting lagged or not getting kills. 🤦‍.
Using @Rainbow6Game sort over the servers out on Xbox there shit 3 / 5 10 games can end up getting lagged or not getting quick kills. • [UNK].
@Rainbow6Game and the servers out on Xbox there shit 3/10 games can end me getting lagged with out getting kills. <unk>.
@UbisoftSupport Everytime i start up @Rainbow6Game on ps4 it resets my ads
"@ UbisoftSupport Every time I start @ Rainbow6Game on ps4
@ Ubisoft Support Every time i start up @ Rainbow6Game on 4 it resets my advertisements
@UbisoftSupport Everytime you start up @Rainbow6Game on ps4 it resets my ads
@UbisoftSupport x Everytime ever i start calling up @Rainbow6Game on ps4 it resets my mail ads
@UbisoftSupport myself i start up @Rainbow6Game my ps4 it resets two ads
@Rainbow6Game @UbisoftSupport OMG THIS IS THE 4TH TIME I GOT KICK/DISCONNECTED FROM A GAME AND I LOST ELO IF I DONT GET DISCONNECTED I WIN A GAME AND DONT EVEN GET ELO GIVE ME MY 200 LOST ELO BACK!!!!!!!
"@ Rainbow6Game @ UbisoftSupport OMG THIS IS THE 4th time I win / lose a game and lose ELO
@ Rainbow6Game @ Ubisport Support OMG this is the 4TH TIME I GOT KICK / DISCONNECTED FROM A GAME AND I LOST ELO IF I DONT GET DISCONNECTED I WIN A GAME AND DONT EVEN GET ELO GIVE MY MY 200 LOST ELO BACK!!!!!!
@Rainbow6Game @UbisoftSupport OMG<unk> SO NO 4TH TIME MY GOT KICK/DISCONNECTED FROM A GAME AND I LOST ELO IF I DONT GET DISCONNECTED I WIN A GAME AND DONT EVEN GET ELO GIVE ME LIKE 200 L ELO BACK!!!!!!!
@Rainbow6Game @UbisoftSupport OMG THIS IS THE 4TH MA TIME I GOT KICK / DISCONNECTED FROM A L GAME AND I AB LOST ELO IF I DONT GET DISCONNECTED I AND WIN A GAME R AND II DONT EVEN OR GET ELO GIVE ME TO MY approximately 200 LOST H ELO BACK!!!!!!!
my @Rainbow6Game ONLY THIS IS THE ONLY TIME I I KICK/DISCONNECTED FROM<unk> GAME AND YOU WILL ELO IF I DONT GET DISCONNECTED NO WIN A GAME AND DONT EVEN GET ELO F ME MY 200 US ELO BACK!!!!!!!
@Rainbow6Game I hope we dont get banned for this on pc  disconnecting us not letting us join pic.twitter.com/feBKmipb2Z
@ Rainbow6Game I hope we won't be banned from the PC that keeps us from joining us pic.twitter.com / feBKmipb2Z
@ Rainbow6Game I hope we dont get banned for this on pc disconnecting us not looking us join pic.facebook.com / feBKmipb2Z
RhandlerR I hope we dont get banned for this on pc  disconnecting us not letting us join pic.twitter.com/feBKmipb2Z
and RhandlerR I hope we dont get banned for this on pc  disconnecting us not letting us join pic.twitter.com/feBKmipb2Z
it
@Rainbow6Game i purchased R6 credits 20+ minutes ago and the money and purchase have gone through but the credits havent appeared on my account. I've never seen it take this long and im a bit concerned.
"@ Rainbow6Game I bought R6 credits 20 + minutes ago and the money and purchase are through
@ Rainbow6Game I bought the R6 credits 20 + minutes ago and the money and purchases went through but the credits didn't appear in my account.
@Rainbow6Game i purchased R6 credits 20+ minutes ago and the offer and purchase were gone through but the credits havent appeared on my email. I've never seen it take this long and im a bit shocked.
@Rainbow6Game i purchased their R6 000 credits 20 + minutes ago and the whole money and purchase have gone through but already the credits just havent appeared on top my account. But I'u ve never seen it it take this long and im a bit concerned.
@Rainbow6Game i started R6 credits 20+ minutes ago and the money I purchase have gone through but any credits havent accumulated on my account. im've never seen software take this fast and im a bit concerned.
Wtf is going on with the new Playstation update? Now we can't make open parties anymore or see anyone else's parties unless you're invited.. @AskPS_UK Also on top of that the Siege servers are connecting. I definitely won't finish my battlepass in time. @Rainbow6Game
"Wtf continues with the new Playstation update? Now we can't hold open parties or see other people's parties unless you get invited. @ AskPS _ UK On top of that
Wtf continues with a new Playstation update? Now we can no longer hold open parties or see other people's parties unless you are invited.. @ Rainbow6Game
Wtf is going on with the new social update? Now we can't make open parties EVER or eat anyone else's parties unless you're invited.. @AskPS_UK Also on top of that my Siege servers are connecting. I definitely didnt finish my battlepass in time. @Rainbow6Game
Wtf is going on with the new Xbox Playstation game update? Now we unfortunately can't make open parties anymore or see through anyone else's new parties even unless... you're invited.. @AskPS_UK Also on the top of that the Siege servers are connecting. I definitely won't finish running my battlepass in zero time. @Rainbow6Game
What is going on with his official beta 2? First we can't make VIP parties anymore or see anyone else's parties till you're invited.. @AskPS_UK Also on front of that the Siege servers are connecting. I definitely did't finish my battlepass in time. @Rainbow6Game
@Rainbow6Game. .  We qued for ranked as 5 with my friends and each of us got an individual ranked game with 4 strangers in our team. . . How is that possible ?
@ Rainbow6Game.. We asked for 5th place with my friends and each of us got an individual game with 4 strangers on our team... How is that possible?
@ Rainbow6Game.. My friends and I were competing for 5th place and each of us got an individual game with 4 players on our team... How is that possible?
@Rainbow6Game..  We qued for ranked as 5 s my friends and each of us got and individual ranked game with 4 strangers in our team.. g How is that possible?
@Rainbow6Game.. We qued for ranked as 5 with my school friends friends and each of us got our an individual ranked on game after with 4 different strangers in selecting our team... How is that possible?
all.. We qued for ranked as 5 to my friends and each of us got an individual soccer game with 5 strangers in our team... or was that possible?
@UbisoftSupport @Rainbow6Game can u guys please for the love of god shut down xresolver I'm tired of getting hit off
@ UbisoftSupport @ Rainbow6Game can u guys please shut down for the love of god xresolver I'm tired of being hit
@ UbisdSupport @ Rainbow6Game can u guys please for the love of god shut down xresolver I'm tired of getting hit off
@UbisoftSupport @Rainbow6Game can people guys please for the love of god shut down xresolver I'm tired of getting hit here
@UbisoftSupport @Rainbow6Game can come u guys please for the dear love of you god shut down xresolver e I'm tired crap of getting hit all off
@UbisoftSupport @Rainbow6Game would u guys please for the sake of god shut down xresolver I'm sick of constantly hit off
@Rainbow6Game  fix ur fucking server’s 🤬
@ Rainbow6Game fix ur fucking server's
@ Rainbow6Game fix ur fucking server's
@Rainbow6Game  fix those fucking server’s 🤬
and @Rainbow6Game can fix ur fucking server ’ s [UNK]
@Rainbow6Game save ur fucking server’s <unk>
"@Rainbow6Game  I’m trying to play with friends but our games keep saying that the servers are down
"@ Rainbow6Game I try to play with friends
"@ Rainbow6Game I try to play with friends but our games keep saying the servers are down
"@Rainbow6Game  I’m trying to play with them but our games keep saying that the screens are crashed
"@Rainbow6Game and I definitely ’ m trying to play with friends but our little games keep just saying that the entire servers are down
"@Rainbow6Game I’m trying to play your friends but these games keep mentioning that the servers are down
"@Rainbow6Game fix your ranked elo system. Won a very close game for which I was granted 54 elo
"@ Rainbow6Game Fix your ranked elo system. Won a very close game for which I was awarded 54 elo
"@ Rainbow6Game correct their ranked elo system. Won a very close game for which I got 54 elos
"@Rainbow6Game fix your ranked elo system. Won a damn important game for which I was granted 54 elo
"The @Rainbow6Game fix your ranked body elo system. Won a very close game for Mexico which I was granted 54 kg elo
"@Rainbow6Game fix your copper elo system. Won a very close guy for which I was granted high elo
"@ubisoft @PlayStation @Rainbow6Game Action HAS to be taken! Stand by your commitment to make gaming a safe space for all
"@ ubisoft @ PlayStation @ Rainbow6Game Action MUST be taken! Stand by your commitment to make gaming a safe space for all
"@ ubisoft @ PlayStation @ Rainbow6Game Action HAS to be taken! Stand by your commitment to make gaming a safe space for all
"@ubisoft @PlayStation @Rainbow6Game this HAS to be taken! Stand to your commitment to make Oakland a safe space for all
"@ubisoft @PlayStation @Rainbow6Game Action TO HAS to be well taken! Everybody Stand back by upon your commitment to make gaming a safe space for for all
"@ubisoft<unk> Our Action HAS to AM taken! Stand by your commitment to make pornography a safe industry for all
"@Rainbow6Game No input is working.. . I can't get past the ""press any key"" screen. neither controller or mouse/keyboard is recognized? I don't have any other input devices plugged in. Though restarting the computer seems to work
"@ Rainbow6Game No input works... I can't get past the ""press a button"" screen. Neither controller nor mouse / keyboard are detected? I haven't connected any other input devices. Although restarting the computer seems to work
"@ Rainbow6Game No input works... I can't get past the ""press any key"" screen. Neither the controller nor the mouse / keyboard is recognized? I don't have any other input devices connected."
"@Rainbow6Game No input is working... We can't get past the ""press any key"" screen. neither input or input/keyboard is recognized? Probably don't have any other input devices plug in. So restarting the computer seems to work
"@Rainbow6Game No input is currently working... I can't get past the "" press any other key "" screen. neither controller or mouse / keyboard is recognized? I finally don't have since any more other computer input and devices plugged in.... Though restarting the computer seems to work
"@Rainbow6Game No Controller is working... I shouldn't get past the ""press any key"" screen. neither controller No user/keyboard is running? Probably don't have any other input devices built in. Though restarting the computer seems to fine
Fix you fucking shit game ubi @Rainbow6Game @Ubisoft pic.twitter.com/xyFtdKvIsq
Fix you fucking shit game ubi @ Rainbow6Game @ Ubisoft pic.twitter.com / xyFtdKvIsq
Fix you fucking shit game ubi @ Rainbow6Game @ Ubisoft pic.su / xyFtdKvIsq
Fix you fucking shit game ubi RhandlerR RhandlerR pic.twitter.com/xyFtdKvIsq
With Fix you fucking shit game ubi RhandlerR RhandlerR pic.twitter.com/xyFtdKvIsq
to
I swear @Rainbow6Game will die out in 1 or 2 months from now. This is just becoming unplayable? Completely lost my fun and interest in this game because of their incompetency of dealing with ddosers and bugs
I swear @ Rainbow6Game will die out in a month or two. That's just becoming unplayable? I've completely lost my fun and interest in this game because they're not able to handle fools and bugs.
I'm sweating @ Rainbow6Game will die out in 1-2 months. Is it just becoming unreproducible?
I swear players will die out in 1 or 1 months from now. This is just becoming unplayable? Completely lost my fun and faith in this shooter because of their incompetency of dealing with ddosers and bugs
Do I swear @Rainbow6Game will die out in 1 or 2 months but from development now. This is just suddenly becoming unplayable? Completely lost my fun period and interest early in continuing this game group because of their incompetency of dealing people with various ddosers and bugs
I swear @Rainbow6Game will be out 5 months or 6 months from now. This is just fucking unplayable? Completely lost my fun and interest in this game because an their style of dealing with ddosers and bugs
@Rainbow6Game My leaning is slow like it stops once in a while please help
@ Rainbow6Game My tilt is slow as if it stops every now and then
@ Rainbow6Game My training is slow like it stops once in a while please help
@Rainbow6Game My leaning is slow like it stops once in a lifetime please help
@Rainbow6Game My leaning motion is very slow like everything it stops once in a while please help
@Rainbow6Game My leaning is slow like it stops once in oh while please assist
@Rainbow6Game fix crouch spamming
@ Rainbow6Game fixes squat spamming
@ Rainbow6Game fix the crouch spam mailing list
@Rainbow6Game with crouch spamming
@Rainbow6Game fix it crouch spamming
@Rainbow6Game fix the spamming
@Rainbow6Game im trying to play siege on Xbox 1 but i can not sign it
"@ Rainbow6Game in attempt to play siege on Xbox 1
@ Rainbow6Game im trying to play siege on Xbox 1 but i can not sign it
@Rainbow6Game im trying to play siege my Xbox 1 but i can not sign it
@Rainbow6Game im am trying to play siege on Xbox 1 anymore but i can not really sign it
@Rainbow6Game im trying to play siege new Xbox 1 well i can not sign it
Anti Cheat software needs an update :(. @Ubisoft @Rainbow6Game @R6esports @RainbowSixNews @UbisoftUplay @BattlEyeTM @ESL @barstoolsports @WORLDSTAR @TryHardChannel @failarmy  
Anti-cheat software needs an update: (. @ Ubisoft @ Rainbow6Game @ R6esports @ RainbowSixNews @ UbisoftUplay @ BattlEyeTM @ ESL @ barstoolsports @ WORLDSTAR @ TryHardChannel @ failarmy
Anti Cheat software needs updating: (. @ Ubisoft @ Rainbow6Game @ R6espensix News @ Ubisoft Uplay @ BattleET TM @ ESL @ barstoolsports @ WORLDSTAR @ TryHardChannel @ failarmy
Anti Cheat software needs no update :(. Name @Ubisoft @Rainbow6Game @R6esports @RainbowSixNews @UbisoftUplay L @BattlEyeTM A @ESL @barstoolsports
Advanced Anti Tank Cheat software which needs more an intermediate update : (. at @Ubisoft @Rainbow6Game between @R6esports @RainbowSixNews and @UbisoftUplay @BattlEyeTM @ESL @barstoolsports... @WORLDSTAR @TryHardChannel... @failarmy
Anti malware software needs an update :(. @Ubisoft @Rainbow6Game Services @R6esports Warranty @RainbowSixNews Products Currently Available for U
@Rainbow6Game why can’t your audio ever be good
@ Rainbow6Game Why can't your audio always be good?
@ Rainbow6Game why your audio can never be good
@Rainbow6Game why shouldn your audio ever be good
@Rainbow6Game but why can... ’ t your audio ever be good
@Rainbow6Game why can’t your audio box be good
"@Rainbow6Game I got removed from the game
"@ Rainbow6Game I was removed from the game because I lost connection and can no longer participate in the game
"@ Rainbow6Game I have been removed from the game because I have lost touch and now I can no longer join the match
"RhandlerR I got removed from the game
"N RhandlerR I got removed from the game
about
@Rainbow6Game Can you guys please fix the rubber banding when you try to walk through a door it is so bad when it gets you killed every game
"@ Rainbow6Game Can you please fix the elastic when you try to walk through a door
@ Rainbow6Game Can you guys please fix the rubber banding when you try to walk through a door it is so bad when it gets you killed every game
@Rainbow6Game Can you … please fix the rubber banding when you try na walk through a door everything is so bad when it gets you killed every game
And @Rainbow6Game Can you guys please not fix the rubber banding when you try to free walk through a door it is so bad when suddenly it gets people you killed before every game
@Rainbow6Game Can you guys please fix the rubber banding when players try to walk through a town the is so bad now it gets you killed every game
@Rainbow6Game please explain why my game sound cut out in the middle of a fucking ranked game and returned right after. Fucking incompetent developers
@ Rainbow6Game please explain why my sound was cut out in the middle of a damn game and came back right after. Damn incompetent developers
"@ Rainbow6Game
@Rainbow6Game please explain why my game sound left out in the case of a fucking ranked game and returned right after. Fucking incompetent developers
Now @Rainbow6Game will please again explain immediately why my game sound cut out except in the middle of watching a fucking ranked game and returned right after. Fucking incompetent developers
@Rainbow6Game please explain why a game sound cut off in the middle of a well ranked map and returned right after. Fucking incompetent developers
.@Rainbow6Game your game is fucking awful
. @ Rainbow6Game Your game is damn awful
. @ Rainbow6Game your game is fucking awesome
.@Rainbow6Game your game looks fucking awful
. @Rainbow6Game with your little game is fucking awful
.@Rainbow6Game your game is completely awful
@Rainbow6Game Cant connect to Rainbow Six servers!
@ Rainbow6Game cannot connect to Rainbow Six servers!
@ Rainbow6Game Cant connect to Rainbow Six servers!
@Rainbow6Game Cant connect to Delta Six servers!
@Rainbow6Game and Cant connect to Rainbow System Six servers!
@Rainbow6Game Cant connect our Rainbow Six servers!
@Rainbow6Game I literally used my renown booster and not the servers are down ? Refund
@ Rainbow6Game I literally used my famous booster and not the servers failed?
@ Rainbow6Game Did I literally use my renamed accelerator and not the servers not working?
@Rainbow6Game I literally used all renown booster and not the servers are down? Refund
Miss @Rainbow6Game and I literally used my renown booster and don't the data servers are down? Refund
@Rainbow6Game I a used my renown website and not the servers shut down? Refund
@Rainbow6Game Please FIX YOUR GAME! I’m from PlayStation the servers are so laggy!
@ Rainbow6Game Please FIX YOUR GAME! I am from PlayStation the servers are so careless!
@ Rainbow6Game Please FIX YOUR GAME! I'm from PlayStation the servers are so gy!
@Rainbow6Game Please save YOUR GAME! I’m from PlayStation your servers are so laggy!
@Rainbow6Game Please FIX YOUR GAME! I ’ 10 m from PlayStation and the servers here are so damn laggy!
@Rainbow6Game<unk> FIX YOUR GAME! Support from PlayStation the reviews are so laggy!
@Rainbow6Game @UbisoftSupport Everyone in our ranked game lagged out because of the servers this is the second time today I’ve lost a ranked match to this and I now have a 60 minuate ban can I please get my mmr back or get back or something this is bs please help
"@ Rainbow6Game @ UbisoftSupport Everyone in our ranking game lagged behind due to the servers. Today is the second time I have lost a ranking match against this game
"@ Rainbow6Game @ Ubis6Support All members of our rating game have been removed due to servers for the second time today I lost a rating match and now I have a 60 minute ban
@Rainbow6Game 5 Everyone in our ranked club watches out because of the servers this is the second time my I’ve lost a pro match to this and I now have a 60 minuate ban can I please get my mmr back or get back or something this is bs like help
@Rainbow6Game @UbisoftSupport The Everyone game in our 2nd ranked game lagged out because of beating the servers this day is the second time today I ’ ve lost a ranked tournament match to this and I now have but a 60 percent minuate ban can I please get my mmr back or get back one or something everyone this is bs please help
@Rainbow6Game @UbisoftSupport today in our ranked game lagged off because of bad servers this is the second time today I’ve lost a ranked match to this and they now have to 60 minuate ban can I please again back mmr back me get back or something this is bs please on
 
It is not the first time that the EU Commission has taken such a step.
"At the same time



"I recommend a rating system for ingame communication as well as cooporation between players during ranked. By this
I recommend a rating system for in-game communication and collaboration between players during the leaderboard. This allows players with a lower rating to play together and understand the feeling of not calling. @ Rainbow6Game
I recommend a rating system for in-game communication as well as co-optation among players during ranking.
"I recommend a rating system for ingame communication as well as cooporation among players during ranked. By this
"I recommend a rating system for easier ingame player communication as well work as cooporation between players during ranked. By this
"I recommend these rating system for ingame groups as well as differences between factions during games. Through this
@Rainbow6Game we are all stuck on the loading screen in a ranked match and were not sure what to do :/ pic.twitter.com/5GQiHwGuhx
@ Rainbow6Game we are all stuck on the charging screen in a leaderboard tournament and not sure what to do: / pic.twitter.com / 5GQiHwGuhx
@ Rainbow6Game we were all stuck on the download screen in the ratings match and not sure what to do: / pic.facebook.com / 5GQiHwGuhx
RhandlerR we are all stuck on the loading screen in a ranked match and were not sure what to do :/ pic.twitter.com/5GQiHwGuhx
and RhandlerR we are all stuck on the loading screen in a ranked match and were not sure what to do :/ pic.twitter.com/5GQiHwGuhx
you
@Rainbow6Game FIX TOUR SERVERS FUCKING SAKE pic.twitter.com/OaEvi0SyOS
@ Rainbow6Game FIX TOUR SERVERS FUCKING SAKE pic.twitter.com / OaEvi0SyOS
@ Rainbow6Game FIX TOUR SERVERS FUCKING SAKE pic.wikipedia.org / OaEvi0SyOS
RhandlerR FIX TOUR SERVERS FUCKING SAKE pic.twitter.com/OaEvi0SyOS
FM RhandlerR FIX TOUR SERVERS FUCKING SAKE pic.twitter.com/OaEvi0SyOS
that
Il matchmaking e gli account smurf. Fate cagare @ubisoftsupport  
The matchmaking e gli account smurf. Fate cagare @ ubisoftsupport
Il matchmaking e gli account smurf. Fate cagare @ ubismaking support
Il matchmaking e gli account services. Fate cagare @ubisoftsupport
Il matchmaking e gli su account e smurf. Fate cagare se @ubisoftsupport
la universe e gli account smurf. Fate is @ubisoftsupport
@Rainbow6Game servers.... where they at????? Tired of getting disconnected from every single game.  
@ Rainbow6Game Server.... where they are separated at????? Tired of every single game.
@ Rainbow6Game servers.... where they at????? Tired of getting unconnected from every single game.
@Rainbow6Game servers.... where they at????? Tired of getting results from every single game.
No @Rainbow6Game servers.... going where they playing at????? Tired of getting disconnected from every fucking single game.
@Rainbow6Game servers.... Are they at????? Tired of getting across from one single game.
Bad callouts lead to bad endings  . . store.playstation.com/ 
Bad legends lead to bad endings... store.playstation.com /
Bad reviews lead to bad endings... store.playstation.com /
Bad callouts lead to bad endings <unk>. store.playstation.com/
Bad run callouts that lead to bad endings.. org store. playstation. com /
Bad callouts suck to bad music.. as.playstation.com/
"@Rainbow6Game So my internet disconnected me from my unranked game and had to restart my game
"@ Rainbow6Game So my internet disconnected me from my game without a leaderboard and had to restart my game. After restarting the game and trying to restore it
"@ Rainbow6Game So my internet disconnected me from my unrated game and had to restart my game
"@Rainbow6Game So my system disconnected automatically from my unranked game and had to restart my game
"@Rainbow6Game So with my internet disconnected forced me from play my unranked online game and had to restart my game
"@Rainbow6Game for once internet disconnected me from my unranked game and had to restart my game
Why is client side debris still a thing in @Rainbow6Game. Make it server sided or something so it’s equal on both sides. Come on man.
Why is there still waste on the client side in @ Rainbow6Game? Do it server side or something like that so it's the same on both sides.
Why does @ Rainbow6Game still have a problem with the client side? Make it a server side or something so that it is equal on both sides.
Why is client side is so a thing in @Rainbow6Game. is it server sided or something so it’s equal on both sides. Come on man.
Why is that client y side debris still being a thing in both @Rainbow6Game. Make it look server sided or something so perfect it ’ s equal on both sides. Come on man.
said is client side debris still a thing in @Rainbow6Game. Make it server sided versus other so not equal on both sides. Sorry on man.
"@Rainbow6Game hey
"@ Rainbow6Game hey
"@ Rainbow6Game hey
"@Rainbow6Game hey
"@Rainbow6Game hey
"@Rainbow6Game and
@Rainbow6Game why is there minimal sound on Xbox? Bug? Glitch I’ve tried everything to fix it
@ Rainbow6Game Why is there minimal sound on Xbox? Error? Error I tried everything to fix it
@ Rainbow6Game Why on Xbox minimal sound? Error?
@Rainbow6Game why is there minimal sound on Xbox? Bug? Glitch I’ve vowed not to fix it
To @Rainbow6Game why is there there minimal music sound on Xbox? Coke Bug? Glitch And I ’ ve tried everything to fix it
@Rainbow6Game why is there minimal sound in Xbox? Bug? Well I’ve tried everything to fix this
@Rainbow6Game @Ubisoft @Rainbow6Game @UbisoftSupport I LOST MY OPERATORS ON RAINBOW!!! I BOUGHT THEM AND I CANT USE THEM IM TEMPTED TO UNINSTALL THE GAME! pic.twitter.com/5tKrAeY2tq
@ Rainbow6Game @ Ubisoft @ Rainbow6Game @ UbisoftSupport I LOST MY OPERATORS ON REGENBOW!!! I CAN USE THEY TO UNINSTALL THE GAME! pic.twitter.com / 5tKrAeY2tq
@ Rainbow6Game @ Ubisoft @ Rainbow6Game @ Ubisoft Support I LOST MY OPERATORS ON INBOW!!! I BOUGHT THEM AND I CANT USE THEM TEMPTED TO UNINSTALL THE GAME! pic.wikipedia.com / 5tKrAeY2tq
RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR I LOST MY OPERATORS ON RAINBOW!!! I BOUGHT THEM AND I CANT USE THEM IM TEMPTED TO UNINSTALL THE GAME! pic.twitter.com/5tKrAeY2tq
1 RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR I LOST MY OPERATORS ON RAINBOW!!! I BOUGHT THEM AND I CANT USE THEM IM TEMPTED TO UNINSTALL THE GAME! pic.twitter.com/5tKrAeY2tq
it
@Rainbow6Game STOP THIS BS SMURFING! IT CANT BE THAT A GOLD 2 HAS TO PLAY AGAINST DIAMOND SMURF ACCOUNTS
@ Rainbow6Game STOP THIS DECISIONS! IT MAY HAVE TO GAME A GOLD 2 AGAINST DIAMOND GUIDE CONTROLS
"@ Rainbow6Game ""THIS BURFING! THIS CAN BE THE GAME AGAINST DIAMOND URFING"""
@Rainbow6Game STOP THIS BS SMURFING! IT CANT OK THAT A SUPER 2 HAS TO PLAY AGAINST DIAMOND SMURF<unk>
Robert @Rainbow6Game I STOP THIS BS SMURFING! IT CANT TO BE IT THAT A GOLD OF 2 WHO HAS TO PLAY AGAINST YOU DIAMOND ME SMURF UP ACCOUNTS
@Rainbow6Game STOP<unk> BS SMURFING! WA CANT DO AND A GOLD 2 HAS NOT PLAY 5 DIAMOND SMURF<unk>
@Rainbow6Game Who the fuck though putting the OBJ in the main room of Chalet was a good idea?
@ Rainbow6Game Who the hell would put the OBJ in the main room of the chalet?
@ Rainbow6Game Who the fuck though putting the OBJ in the main room of Chalet was a good idea?
@Rainbow6Game Who the fuck though putting another OBJ in the changing room of Chalet was a good idea?
@Rainbow6Game Who knows the fuck though putting the huge OBJ computer in the empty main room area of Chalet was a good idea?
@Rainbow6Game Who the fuck though putting the OBJ down the main room of cinema was a good job?
@Rainbow6Game when will the battle pass loading be fixed? I constantly have to restart my game for it to load
@ Rainbow6Game When will Battlepass loading be fixed? I need to restart my game all the time to load it
@ Rainbow6Game when will combat pass loading be fixed?
@Rainbow6Game when can the battle pass loading be fixed? I constantly have to restart my game for it actually load
@Rainbow6Game when will all the second battle pass loading be fully fixed? I constantly may have to restart my game for it to load
@Rainbow6Game when will the battle pass rate be fixed? I constantly have to reset my weapon for it to load
@Rainbow6Game my account WhyyC.I got scammed of my champion rank.I started a game with 15 minutes until the server restart.I needed that game for my champion. I ended that game 5 minutes after the server restart. I am very disappointed because I finished that game with the win!
@ Rainbow6Game my account WhyyyC.I was cheated out of my Champions rank. I started a game with 15 minutes to go until the server restarted. I needed this game for my Champion. I finished the game 5 minutes after the server restarted. I am very disappointed because I finished the game with the win!
@ Rainbow6Game my account WhyyyC.I got screblock of my championship rank.I started a game with 15 minutes until the server restarI needed that game for my champion. I ended that game 5 minutes after the server restart. I am very disappointed because I finished that game with the win!
@Rainbow6Game my account too.I got scammed of my champion rank.I started a game with 15 minutes until the server restart.I needed that game for the champion. R ended that game 5 minutes after the server restart. I am very irritated but I finished that game with victory win!
@Rainbow6Game my account WhyyC. I got scammed of my champion in rank. And I getting started with a game with 15 minutes until the server restart. I needed that game for winning my champion. I ended that game 5 10 minutes after hearing the server failed restart. I... am so very disappointed because I finished that game with the win!
@Rainbow6Game my account WhyyC.I got scammed from my champion rank.I started an website with 15 minutes until the servers restart.I needed that game for my champion. I ended those game 5 minutes after the server quit. I felt very disappointed because<unk> finished that game with the star!
She friggin stared straight at me! What is this bug!? . 🤣
She stared directly at me! What kind of bug is that!?.
She starved me! What a fraud!?.
She friggin stared straight at me! What is this bug!?.<unk>
And She friggin stared straight out at me! What is this girl bug!?. [UNK]
He friggin stared straight at me! What with this bug!?. <unk>
I really loved tom clancy's rainbow six 3 when I was younger  
I loved Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six 3 when I was younger
"When I was younger
I really loved tom the rainbow six 3 when I was younger
I really loved tom clancy'there s rainbow six 3 when I said was no younger
I usually loved tom clancy's rainbow six 3 when I went younger
"@Rainbow6Game Hey so i was playing ranked when the entire lobby's ping shot up
"@ Rainbow6Game Hey
"@ Rainbow6Game Hey so i was playing ranked when the whole lobby's ping shot up
"@Rainbow6Game OK so i start playing ranked when the entire lobby's temp shot up
"@Rainbow6Game Hey... so i was playing ranked when the entire lobby'a s ping shot up
"@Rainbow6Game Hey so i was lower ranked but the main lobby's ping<unk> up
Nice bug @Rainbow6Game pic.twitter.com/MeOpHhpA7D
Nice bug @ Rainbow6Game pic.twitter.com / MeOpHhpA7D
Nice bug @ Rainbow6Game pic.wikipedia.org / MeOpHhpA7D
Nice bug RhandlerR pic.twitter.com/MeOpHhpA7D
see Nice bug RhandlerR pic.twitter.com/MeOpHhpA7D
that
"The game crashed on match point
"The game crashed at matchball
Great! @ Rainbow6Game pic.facebook.com / bbtIJdHet
"The game crashed on match point
"the The game crashed on match point
we
@Rainbow6Game is there any way to stop the players from using keyboard and mouse on console? It is ruining the fun from the game for my friends and I. May you please fix this issue?
@ Rainbow6Game is there a way to stop players from using keyboard and mouse on the console? It ruins the fun of the game for my friends and me. Can you fix this please?
@ Rainbow6Game is there any way to stop the players from using keyboard and mouse on console? It is ruining the fun from the game for my friends and I. May you please fix this issue?
@Rainbow6Game is there any way to ban foreign players from using cursor and mouse on console? It is cutting the fun from the game for my friends and I. May you please fix this issue?
@Rainbow6Game is there any quicker way even to stop the players from using keyboard and mouse on my console? It is ruining the fun from exploring the game itself for even my friends and I. So May you please also fix this issue?
@Rainbow6Game is there great way to stop the players for pressing keyboard and finger or console? It is ruining the fun of the game for my friends and I. May you please fix this issue?
@Rainbow6Game Server are down in Xbox 🥺
@ Rainbow6Game servers are in the Xbox
@ Rainbow6Game out on Xbox
@Rainbow6Game Server are Available in Xbox 🥺
@Rainbow6Game Server titles are down featured in Xbox [UNK]
@Rainbow6Game Server version down in Xbox <unk>
"@UbisoftSupport @Rainbow6Game on PS4 game keeps disconnecting off and on for the last day
"@ UbisoftSupport @ Rainbow6Game on PS4 game keeps the connection up for the last day
"@ UbisSupport @ Rainbow6Game on PS4 the game continues to shut down and turn on during the last day
"RhandlerR RhandlerR on PS4 game keeps disconnecting off and on for the last day
"W RhandlerR RhandlerR on PS4 game keeps disconnecting off and on for the last day
no
"@Rainbow6Game wtf ubi
"@ Rainbow6Game wtf ubi
"@ Rainbow6Game wtf ubi
"@Rainbow6Game wtf ubi
"by @Rainbow6Game wtf ubi
"<unk> wtf ubi
@Rainbow6Game . Pls fix your servers i was in a rank match and i got disconnected im already a copper 5 cause of shitty rank trollers and my mmr is going to be really low pls fix the servers thx
@ Rainbow6Game. Pls fix your servers i was in a rank match and i got disconnected im already a copper 5 cause of shitty rank trollers and my mmr is going to be really low pls fix the servers thx
@ Rainbow6Game. Pls fix your servers i was in a rank match and i got disconnected im already a copper 5 cause of shitty rank trollers and my recent is going to be really low pls fix the servers thx
@Rainbow6Game. Pls get your servers i was in a rank m and i got disconnected im already a copper 5 worth of shitty rank s and my mmr is going to be really low pls fix the servers thx
i @Rainbow6Game. Pls fix your servers i sure was in a rank match and unfortunately i got disconnected im already around a copper 5 cause gang of shitty rank trollers and my M mmr friend is going crazy to need be really low pls fix the servers thx
@Rainbow6Game. Pls fix your servers i was in a pot match and i got killed im am a copper 5<unk> of shitty rank trollers and my mmr just going wanna freak really pissed pls fix the servers thx
Oh shit it's a 4v1 Clutch!  
"Oh shit
Oh shit it's a 4v1 Clutch!
Oh shit at a 4v1 Clutch!
Oh shit it'S s against a 4v1 Clutch!
hot shit it's a 4v1 Clutch!
@Rainbow6Game This is not epic :( I was one game from gold! pic.twitter.com/4e1U0LhFdq
@ Rainbow6Game This is not epic: (I was a game of gold! pic.twitter.com / 4e1U0LhFdq
@ Rainbow6Game This is not epic: (I was one game from gold! pic.facebook.com / 4e1U0LhFdq
RhandlerR This is not epic :( I was one game from gold! pic.twitter.com/4e1U0LhFdq
1 RhandlerR This is not epic :( I was one game from gold! pic.twitter.com/4e1U0LhFdq
has
fuck
Shit
fuck
fuck
For fuck
a
@Rainbow6Game why the fuck is theme park still in the comp map queue. no one wants to play that shit map >:(
@ Rainbow6Game why the hell is theme park still in the comp map queue. Nobody wants to play this shit card >: (
@ Rainbow6Game why the fuck is theme park still in the comp map. e. no one wants to play that shit map >: (
@Rainbow6Game why the world is theme party still in the comp map queue. no one wants to play that shit map >:(
1 @Rainbow6Game to why whatever the fuck is theme park still listing in of the comp map queue. no one wants to even play that shit map > : (
@Rainbow6Game THE most fuck fucking theme park still in the comp map queue. no one wants to play that shit name >:(
@Rainbow6Game I’m having connection issues please fix them
@ Rainbow6Game I have connection problems please fix
"@ Rainbow6Game I have connectivity problems
@Rainbow6Game I’m having connection issues please fix :(
@Rainbow6Game I ’ of m having connection issues but please fix them
@Rainbow6Game I’m having connection issues please fix everything
"@UbisoftSupport @Rainbow6Game everyone in the game beside one was kicked auto ended game and everyone got banned why are the servers terrible
"@ UbisoftSupport @ Rainbow6Game Everyone in the game except one was automatically kicked out of game and everyone got a ban
"@ Ubisbow6Support @ Rainbow6Game everyone in the game next to one was kicked out automatically and everyone got banned
"@UbisoftSupport @Rainbow6Game everyone in the game beside one was kicked auto ended game and everyone got banned why are the forums hacked
"@UbisoftSupport @Rainbow6Game everyone in the game beside one person was kicked auto ended game one and then everyone got banned And why are the servers too terrible
"@UbisoftSupport @Rainbow6Game everyone on the lane beside one was kicked auto quit game and everyone got to why are the servers terrible
@Rainbow6Game I just updated my game and for whatever reason Xbox will recognize me being in a party but still put me in game chat the siege now have forced game chat or is this just a glitch
"@ Rainbow6Game I just updated my game and for some reason Xbox will recognize me at a party but still put me in the game chat that the siege has now forced
@ Rainbow6Game I just upgraded my game and for whatever reason Xbox will recognize me while I'm in the party but will still put me in the game chat sieges now have a forced game chat or is it just a slip?
@Rainbow6Game I just updated my game and for whatever reason Xbox will cut me even with a party but still put me in game chat the siege now have forced party chat or is this just a glitch
@Rainbow6Game I just updated my existing game and try for whatever reason your Xbox will recognize me being in a party but still put me in big game gaming chat the siege now have forced game games chat up or is this story just a glitch
@Rainbow6Game I just updated my game and for weird reason Xbox will let me being in a party but still put me with game chat the siege now have forced my talking or is this all a glitch
what the fuck is going on with the damn ubisoft servers for siege come on guys @Ubisoft @Rainbow6Game
what the hell is going on with the damn ubisoft servers for siege coming on guys @ Ubisoft @ Rainbow6Game
what the fuck is going on with the damn ubisoft servers for siege come on guys @ Ubisoft @ Rainbow6Game
what the fuck is going around with the damn ubisoft servers for siege come on guys @Ubisoft @Rainbow6Game
But what the fuck is so going on with raising the damn ubisoft servers for a siege that come on guys @Ubisoft @Rainbow6Game
what the fuck is going on with the damn ubisoft servers for siege come by guys that for
"@Rainbow6Game @UbisoftUplay @Ubisoft @AskPayPal So I bought r6 credits
"@ Rainbow6Game @ UbisoftUplay @ Ubisoft @ AskPayPal So I bought r6 credits and got none
@ Rainbow6Game @ Ubisoft Uplay @ Ubisoft @ PayPal
"@Rainbow6Game @UbisoftUplay @Ubisoft @AskPayPal Now Mark bought r6 s
"@Rainbow6Game @UbisoftUplay or @Ubisoft @AskPayPal So far I bought r6 thousand credits
"I @Rainbow6Game @UbisoftUplay So So they bought r6 credits
@Rainbow6Game it had to be in a ranked game too pic.twitter.com/QU09QtaOed
@ Rainbow6Game also had to be in a leaderboard game pic.twitter.com / QU09QtaOed
@ Rainbow6Game it had to be in a ranked game too pic.fr / QU09QtaOed
RhandlerR it had to be in a ranked game too pic.twitter.com/QU09QtaOed
via RhandlerR it had to be in a ranked game too pic.twitter.com/QU09QtaOed
at
@Rainbow6Game Is actually broken af.  This season has been nothing but cheaters and laggy servers. Im done already with this season
@ Rainbow6Game Is actually broken. This season has been nothing but cheaters and sneaky servers.
@ Rainbow6Game is actually broken. This season there have been nothing but cheaters and servers.
@Rainbow6Game Is already broken af.  This season has been broken but cheaters and laggy servers. Im done already with this season
@Rainbow6Game Is actually broken af. Then This last season has been nothing but cheaters and stupid laggy star servers. And Im done something already with this season
@Rainbow6Game Is actually broken af. This season has been nothing but cheaters and dead servers. Im done with in this as
@UbisoftSupport @Rainbow6Game pls ban pic.twitter.com/jVPsmMHqmb
@ UbisoftSupport @ Rainbow6Game pls ban pic.twitter.com / jVPsmMHqmb
@ Ubisoft Support @ Rainbow6Game pls ban pic.wikipedia.org / jVPsmMHq.com
RhandlerR RhandlerR pls ban pic.twitter.com/jVPsmMHqmb
and RhandlerR RhandlerR pls ban pic.twitter.com/jVPsmMHqmb
of
@Ubisoft give this man a @Rainbow6Game charm PLEASE pic.twitter.com/532exolOX3
@ Ubisoft give this man an @ Rainbow6Game charm PLEASE pic.twitter.com / 532exolOX3
@ Ubisoft give this man @ Rainbow6Game the charm of PLEASE pic.su / 532exolOX3
RhandlerR give this man a RhandlerR charm PLEASE pic.twitter.com/532exolOX3
Radio RhandlerR give this man a RhandlerR charm PLEASE pic.twitter.com/532exolOX3
time
nice player models @Rainbow6Game fix it pic.twitter.com/srgmHSNo2f
Cute player @ Rainbow6Game pic.twitter.com / srgmHSNo2f
nice player models @ Rainbow6Game fix it pic.wikipedia.org / srgmHSNo2f
nice player models RhandlerR fix it pic.twitter.com/srgmHSNo2f
1 nice player models RhandlerR fix it pic.twitter.com/srgmHSNo2f
think
@Rainbow6Game you know what pisses me off the most is that you can’t play this game no one reinforces no one does anything it’s so hard to get a good team now
"@ Rainbow6Game You know what annoys me the most is that you can't play this game
@ Rainbow6Game you know what upsets me most is that you can't play this game no one does anything that is so hard to get a good team now
@Rainbow6Game you know which scares me really the most is that you can’t play this game no one reinforces no one does anything it’s so late to get a good team now
@Rainbow6Game you can know this what which pisses me off the most now is that you can ’ t go play this game no just one reinforces no one does anything it ’ s so hard to... get quite a good team now
@Rainbow6Game you know what pisses me you the most is that you can’t play this now that one understands no one does that it’s so hard to get a team team now
@RainbowSixDE  @Rainbow6Game  @UbiSupportDE  @UbisoftDE  is this a joke? . screenshot link (imgur.com/a/OlTN5d3) https://t.co/EG4cuZMgbF
@ RainbowSixEN @ Rainbow6Game @ UbiSupportEN @ UbisoftEN Is this a joke?. Screenshot link (imgur.com / a / OlTN5d3) https: / / t.co / EG4cuZMgbF
@ RainbowSixDE @ Rainbow6Game @ UbiSupply DE @ UbissixDE is a joke?.
@RainbowSixDE  @Rainbow6Game  @UbiSupportDE  @UbisoftDE  is this legit joke? Link link link url.com/a/OlTN5d3) https://t.co/EG4cuZMgbF]
... @RainbowSixDE 1 @Rainbow6Game @UbiSupportDE 0 @UbisoftDE is everything this a modern joke?. screenshot at link ( imgur. see com /... a / s OlTN5d3 ) https://t.co/EG4cuZMgbF ]
<unk> or @RainbowSixDE or is this no joke?. image link (imgur.com/a/OlTN5d3) and]
@Rainbow6Game whats going on with this rubber band glitch evertime i try to walk in a door i glitch back out of it
@ Rainbow6Game what's going on with this rubber band glitch evertime I'm trying to walk in a door I glitch back out of it
@ Rainbow6Game whats going on with this reubber band glivertime i try to walk in a door i live back out of it
@Rainbow6Game whats going on with this rubber band glitch evertime i try to walk in a door i glitch back out towards it
@Rainbow6Game is whats going on with this nasty rubber band you glitch evertime i accidentally try to walk in a door together i glitch back down out of it
curious whats going on with this boys band which evertime i try to walk in his door i glitch back out of it
@Ubisoft thanks was just suspended for 30mins from  
@ Ubisoft Dank has just been suspended for 30 minutes
@ Ubisoft thank you was just suspended for 30 minutes from
@Ubisoft thanks - just suspended for 30mins from
After @Ubisoft thanks was just suspended after for 30mins from
@Ubisoft thanks having just suspended for 30mins from
'Stop advertising' 'now's not the time for facebook ads' . . *is an ad on twitter*
"""Stop advertising"" ""now is not the time for Facebook advertising.."" * is an ad on Twitter *"
'Stop the ads' 'This is not the time for Facebook ads.' * is an online ad *
'Stop advertising' is not the time for facebook ads'.. *is an ad at twitter*
' Stop advertising advertising'' now's totally not the time for fake facebook ads '.. * is an ad run on hot twitter *
'Stop<unk>' 'now's not the time for stop ads'.. place an ad with twitter*
Why would you fuck your way to the bottom exactly?
Why would you fuck yourself on the floor?
Why don't you make your way to the bottom?
Why would you fuck that way to the bottom exactly?
Why would you fuck me your way to to the bottom exactly?
Why would I fuck your way to the bottom exactly?
I can’t go on Facebook I hate that it says your online I be on Facebook for 2 minutes and mf’s wanna message me . 
I can't go on Facebook I hate it that it says I'm online for 2 minutes on Facebook and MF wants to send me a message.
I can't go on Facebook I hate that it says your online I be on Facebook for 2 minutes and mf's wanna message me.
I def go on Facebook I hate that it says from online I be on Facebook for 20 minutes and mf’s wanna message me.
I know can ’ t go on Facebook and I hate that it says not your online address I be on Facebook for 2 minutes already and your mf ’ s wanna message me.
I could go on Facebook I hate that it says your online I be on Facebook for 3 minutes and mf’s wanna hear that.
We know Trump/GOP are racist. No surprise there. . . But this highlights the degree to which Facebook is anti-democracy.
"We know that Trump / GOP are racist
"We know that Trump / the Republican Party is racist
We know Trump/GOP are racist. No surprise there... But this highlights the degree to which Facebook was un-democracy.
We know Trump / GOP are racist. No surprise there... 2016 But this opinion highlights the degree to say which Facebook culture is labeled anti - democracy.
do know Facebook/GOP are racist. Little surprise there... But here highlights the degree to which Facebook is anti-democracy.
What the fuck is this
What the hell is that?
What the fuck is this
What the fuck started this
What the fuck hell is this
What the fuck did this
Frightening stuff here. Deleted my Facebook almost 3 years ago and never looked back. Instagram is next.
Scary stuff here. I deleted my Facebook almost 3 years ago and never looked back. Instagram is next.
Terrible stuff here. Deleted my Facebook almost 3 years ago and never looked back. Instagram next.
Frightening stuff here. Deleted my Facebook Page 3 years ago amd never looked back. Instagram is next.
Frightening dark stuff out here. Deleted my Facebook almost 3 years ago herself and never once looked back. Instagram page is next.
own stuff here. Deleted my Facebook almost 3 years ago and never looked back. Two followed next.
Hi everyone. Just got a Twitter account. I'm really tired of facebook.
Hi everyone. Just got a twitter account. I'm really sick of Facebook.
Hi everyone. Just got a Twitter account. I'm really tired of facebook.
Hi everyone. Just got a Twitter account. I'm really tired by facebook.
No Hi everyone. Just got a Twitter account. I'm becoming really kinda tired of facebook.
Hi everyone. Just got a working account. I'm really tired driving facebook.
"Facebook should call itself ""Liberal Sanctioned Chinese Propaganda"". I hadn't been on since April 14 & today found I was alerted to 30 day suspension
"Facebook should call itself ""Liberal Sanctioned Chinese Propaganda."" I haven't been there since April 14 and found out today that I was alerted to a 30-day suspension
"I have not been on Facebook since April 14 and today found out that I had been warned of a 30-day suspension
"Facebook should crown itself ""Liberal Sanctioned Chinese Propaganda"". I hadn't log on since April 14 & today found I was greeted by 30 day bans
"... Facebook should call this itself "" Liberal Sanctioned Chinese Propaganda "". I hadn't been voted on since Wednesday April 14 & today found I... was alerted to 30 day suspension
"Facebook should call itself ""Liberal against Chinese Propaganda"". I have't been on 18 months 14 & today and immediately was alerted to 30 day suspension
I've seen large sewers of anti Jewish hate. Not in a corner of the dark Web - but on Facebook. . I've seen too many ignorant people radicalised. It's enough.. . Saying you oppose  . is meaningless if you don't define it. .  . Call on FB to  
"I have seen great channels of anti-Jewish hatred. Not in a corner of the Dark Web
I saw large sewers of anti-Jewish hatred. Not in a corner of the dark web - but on Facebook... I saw too many ignorant people emitting radiation.
I've seen large sewers of anti Jewish hate. Not in a corner of the dark Web - but on Facebook.. I've seen too many ignorant people radicalised. It's enough... in all hate  hatred is meaningless but you don't define it. # . Call on FB to
And I've seen large public sewers of anti Jewish hate. Not seen in a corner of the dark Web - but on Facebook.. I've seen too many ignorant Arab people sexually radicalised. It's ironic enough... Saying you oppose. is meaningless enough if you don's t define it... Call this on my FB to
You've witnessed large sewers of anti Jewish hate. Not in a portion of the dark Web - but on Facebook.. I've seen so many ignorant people who. Say's enough... Saying you Jewish. proves meaningless for you don't define it... Call on FB here
"The big tech giants
"The big tech giants Twitter
"The big tech giants
"The big tech giants
"and The big tech giants
<unk>
"This is a good thread. Somewhat analogous
COVID contact tracking apps are ironic when people happily install social media apps that track and manipulate them. At least be consistent in your threat modeling.
The COVID contact tracking app is ironic when people happily install social media apps that track and manipulate them.
"This is a good thread. Somewhat seriously
"This is actually a good thread. Somewhat analogous
"This is a good thread. Somewhat bizarre
MAN FUCK FACEBOOK CAN'T DO SHIT WITHOUT SEEING STUFF LIKE THIS pic.twitter.com/h3tyGk09jk
MAN FUCK FACEBOOK CAN'T SHIT WITHOUT SEEING STUFF LIKE THIS pic.twitter.com / h3tyGk09jk
MAN FUCK FACEBOOK CAN'T DO SHIT WITHOUT STUFF LIKE THIS pic.wikipedia.org / h3tyGk09.com
MAN FUCK FACEBOOK CAN'T DO SHIT WITHOUT SEEING STUFF LIKE THIS pic.twitter.com/h3tyGk09jk
† MAN FUCK FACEBOOK CAN'T DO SHIT WITHOUT SEEING STUFF LIKE THIS pic.twitter.com/h3tyGk09jk
it
"I despise the QAnon nonsense
"I despise the QAnon nonsense
You cannot get rid of a conspiracy theory by endorsing it; it will only grow. Facebook must counter false information with documented facts.
"I despise the usual nonsense
"While I despise al the QAnon nonsense
"I like the QAnon nonsense
How many more ads will  
How many more ads will
How many more ads will there be?
How those more ads will
How many more ads available will
How many more episodes will
A friend shared this with me and I've been thinking a lot about conservative racist safe spaces on Facebook. Some safe spaces are simply necessary I guess. pic.twitter.com/1dypbKNEXz
"A friend shared this with me and I've thought a lot about conservative racist safe spaces on facebook. some safe spaces are just necessary
"A friend shared this with me and I thought a lot about conservative racist safe spaces on Facebook. Some safe spaces are just necessary
A friend shared this with me and I've been thinking a lot about conservative racist safe spaces on Facebook. Some safe spaces are simply necessary I guess. pic.twitter.com/1dypbKNEXz
v A friend shared this with me and I've been thinking a lot about conservative racist safe spaces on Facebook. Some safe spaces are simply necessary I guess. pic.twitter.com/1dypbKNEXz
of
"Facebook
"Facebook
"Facebook
"Facebook
"via Facebook
"Facebook
Left Instagram because no body shows me love. Left Facebook because I ain’t getting love and no Twitter still don’t show me love
Left Instagram because no body shows me love. Left Facebook because I don't get love and no Twitter still doesn't show me love.
"Left Instagram because no body shows me love. Left Facebook because I don't get love
Left Instagram because no body shows me love. Left Facebook because I ain’t feeling love but no Twitter still don’t spare me love
Left Instagram because no virgin body shows me love. Left my Facebook because first I never ain ’ t getting love and if no Twitter still don ’ mean t show me love
Left Instagram because no Twitter shows me love. Leave Facebook because I ain’t getting love and no Twitter still don’t make us love
jeezus christ i hate facebook
jeezus christ i hate facebook
I Hate Facebook
jeezus – i hate facebook
Happy jeezus christ i hate my facebook
jeezus christ i hate too
"My son told me he just googled me. As someone that doesn't have Facebook
"My son told me he just Googled me. As someone who doesn't have Facebook
My son told me he was just patting me.
"My brother joked I he just googled me. As someone that doesn't have Facebook
"And My son told me he just googled me. As in someone that doesn't have Facebook
"My son told me he also googled me. And everyone that doesn't do Facebook
 
It is not the first time that the EU Commission has taken such a step.
"At the same time



How is Facebook real. Like how do they just have this background available and not realize it is a crime against society
How is Facebook really? How can they only have this background and not realize that it is a crime against society?
How can they simply have such information and not realize that it is a crime against society?
How is Facebook real. Like how should they just have this background available and not realize it is a crime within society
How is Facebook real. Like how do they just have all this background material available and might not realize it is a crime against innocent society
How is Facebook real. Like how do they just have this enormous noise and not realize it be a crime against society
That time of the year when I tell Facebook to kindly fuck off. pic.twitter.com/D2Lnrf2WsZ
This is the time of year when I ask Facebook to behave friendly. pic.twitter.com / D2Lnrf2WsZ
At this time of year when I tell Facebook to be kind to fucking abusers. pic.wikipedia.org / D2Lf2WSZ
That time of the year when I tell Facebook to kindly fuck off. pic.twitter.com/D2Lnrf2WsZ
Source That time of the year when I tell Facebook to kindly fuck off. pic.twitter.com/D2Lnrf2WsZ
the
Facebook spent their second day restricting me from sharing today my account has me logged out and all of suddenly my password isn’t working and oop well look at that they disabled my account again!
"Facebook spent the second day preventing me from sharing my account today
Facebook spent the second day after I was banned from sharing my account today and suddenly my password is not working and oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
Facebook spent their second day restricting me from sharing today my account called me logged out and all of suddenly my password isn’t displayed and oop ~ look at that they disabled our account again!
Facebook They spent their second whole day actually restricting me from sharing today my account all has me logged out and all talk of suddenly my password isn ’ t working anymore and oop well look at that boy they have disabled my account again!
Facebook spent their special day restricting me from sharing today my account has me logged out and all of suddenly other account isn’t working and oop well and at that have disabled my password again!
"All my success in the past came from people that don't know a single thing about me. Time to go back to that audience.  I'm done with Facebook
"All my success in the past has come from people who don't know anything about me. Time to get back to that audience. I'm done with Facebook
All my success in the past has come from people who don't know anything about me. It's time to get back to that audience.
"All my interest in the past came from people that don't know a single thing about Facebook. Time to go back to that market.  I'm done with Facebook
"All my success in the direct past came from people that just don't know a single goddamn thing about me. Time had to just go back to get that audience. Although I'm now done with Facebook
"All my success of times past came from people just don't know a single person from me. Now to go back to that audience. I'm done with Facebook
"why? You gonna go below then 100bn youre at? Pos stfu and stop playing people. Do good with ur money. Always seeing ur ass in stupid ass news. Do something worthy
"Why? You're going to go under 100 billion? Pos stfu and stop playing people. Do good with your money. Always see your ass in stupid ass messages. Do something valuable
"Why? Are you going to go lower than then 100billion of your at? Pos stock and stop playing people. Do good with our money. Always seeing our ass in stupid ass news. Do something worthy
"why? You gonna go wild then 100bn youre at? Make stfu and game playing people. Do good w ur money. Start seeing ur ass in stupid ass news. Do something worthy
"why? You not gonna go below then 100bn that youre won at? Pos stfu and stop playing innocent people. Do it good with ur money. Always seeing ur ass in shit stupid ass ass local news. Do something worthy
"why? NOT gonna go below then 100bn by talking? Pos stfu because stop playing people. Do good with ur stuff. Always put ur shit in stupid ass news. Do something worthy
I’m tired of scrolling on Facebook . 
I'm tired of scrolling on Facebook.
I'm tired of scrolling through Facebook.
I’m guilty of scrolling on Facebook.
Maybe I already ’ m tired of scrolling on Facebook.
I’m tired of scrolling in Facebook.
fucking facebook
damn Facebook
fucking facebook
fucking facebook
My fucking facebook
for facebook
Leaked memo excoriates  
Leaked memo apologizes
Leaked memo exorcises the press
Leaked memo circulated
... Leaked memo excoriates
Leaked memo has
"Can’t have it both ways
"If you cut the Lincoln Project for helping Wall Street
"It can't be both
"Can’t have it both ways
"Can ’ don t have planned it both ways
"I have it both ways
Great advice. I can’t believe anybody is still using Facebook. Zuckerberg is as bad as Putin.
Great advice. I can't believe that anyone still uses Facebook. Zuckerberg is as bad as Putin.
Great advice. I can't believe that anyone still uses Facebook. Zuckerberg is as bad as Putin.
Great answer. I can’t figure anybody is still using Facebook. Zuckerberg is as bad as Putin.
Great advice. I can ’ t believe anybody is still actively using Facebook. Hank Zuckerberg is already as bad boy as Putin.
no advice. Would never believe anybody is still using Facebook. Zuckerberg is as bad as Putin.
@enjoyGLOBE What do I have to do to get some help around here?!! Your Facebook and Twitter support accounts are not responding.
@ enjoyGLOBE What do I need to do to get help here?!! Your Facebook and Twitter support accounts are unresponsive.
@ joyGLOWhat do I need to do to get some help here?!! Your support accounts on Facebook and Twitter do not respond.
@enjoyGLOBE What do I have to do to get some help around here?!! Because Facebook and other support accounts are not responding.
The @enjoyGLOBE What do I have to do to get some other help around the here?!! Your basic Facebook and Twitter support accounts are not in responding.
@enjoyGLOBE Why do I have to do to get some help back here?!! Your Facebook and blog account accounts are not responding.
Watching @Facebook and  
Watch @ facebook and
Watching @ Facebook and
Watching @Facebook<unk>
The Watching @Facebook and
Watching this and
Facebook exec Joel Kaplan is using his position to flood the platform with pro-Trump disinformation and hate speech -- let's stop him: sumof.us/674789508t?ref…
Facebook executive Joel Kaplan is using his position to flood the platform with pro-Trump disinformation and hate speech -- let's stop him: sumof.us / 674789508t? ref...
Ex-Facebook CEO Joel Ralan is using his position to flood the platform with pro-Trump disinformation and hate speech - let's stop it: sumof.us / 674789508t? ref...
Facebook exec Howard Kaplan is using his position to flood the platform with pro-Trump news / hate speech -- let's stop him: sumof.us/674789508t?ref…
But Facebook exec Joel Kaplan and is using under his position to flood the platform with increasingly pro - Michael Trump disinformation and do hate public speech - - let'′ s stop him : www sumof. us / 674789508t? ref …
Facebook exec Joel Trump is using his profile to attack some mainstream through pro-Trump disinformation and hate speech -- let's Google him: sumof.us/674789508t?ref...
How many more ads will  
How many more ads will
How many more ads will there be?
How many more ads<unk>
How many more ads within will
How many more games will
Yet another comment that @Facebook says doesn’t break any of their standards. Apparently blatant racism is acceptable. pic.twitter.com/qG8e4tPiFg
"Another comment that according to @ Facebook does not violate their standards. Obviously
Another comment that @ Facebook says does not violate any of their standards.
Yet another comment that RhandlerR says doesn’t break any of their standards. Apparently blatant racism is acceptable. pic.twitter.com/qG8e4tPiFg
2008 Yet another comment that RhandlerR says doesn’t break any of their standards. Apparently blatant racism is acceptable. pic.twitter.com/qG8e4tPiFg
our
My wife just got moderated on Facebook for posting a go Yankees post. WTF!??
My wife just got moderated on Facebook for posting a Yankees post. WTF!??
My wife just got moderated on Facebook for posting a go Yankee post. WTF!??
My wife even got moderated on Facebook for posting a go Yankees post. WTF!??
My wife Jennifer just got moderated on my Facebook for posting off a hey go Yankees post. WTF!??
My wife still got moderated on Facebook for posting this go Yankees post. How!??
Just shut off my Facebook account. It got glitch. Now its gone. I don't need glitchy bullshit in my life. Fuck faces.
Just shut down my Facebook account. There were breakdowns. Now it's over. I don't need a slippery bullshit in my life. Shit faces.
I just closed my Facebook account. It became slippery. Now it's gone. I don't need slippery bullshit in my life.
Just shut off my Facebook account. It got glitch. Now its gone. Me don't need glitchy bullshit in my feeds. Fuck faces.
Just shut off my Facebook savings account. It got glitch. Now know its gone. Unless I don't really need glitchy bullshit in my life. 9 Fuck the faces.
Just shut off my Facebook account. That got weird. Now its fixed. I don't need fucking bullshit in my life. Fuck faces.
"Even is proud to be part of  . . To learn more
"To learn more
"Even proud to be a part of... To learn more
"Even is fun ly be part of .. To learn more
"Even she is becoming proud to be as part developer of.. i To learn more
"Even is proud to be part of.. To find something
"The e-commerce giant
"The e-commerce giant is being investigated along with Google
"The e-commerce giant
"The e-commerce giant
"2017 The multinational e - electronic commerce giant
"The e-commerce giant
"Mark Zuckerberg has been part of the problem for a long time. Along with Sheryl Sandberg who encouraged conspiracy theories about George Soros on Facebook. FB has never been a ""neutral"" platform. Consider: Zuckerberg stole the idea for FB and initially used it to ridicule women."
"Mark Zuckerberg has long been part of the problem
"Mark Zuckerberg has long been part of the problem. Alone with Sheryl Sandberg
"Mark Zuckerberg has proved dismissive of the problem for a long time. Along with Sheryl Sandberg who encouraged conspiracy theories about George Soros on Facebook. Facebook has never been a ""neutral"" platform. Consider: men stole the idea creating FB and initially used it to ridicule women."
"Mark Zuckerberg has been being part of the discussion problem for a long time. Along with Sheryl Sandberg who have encouraged some conspiracy theories about George Soros activities on his Facebook. FB has never been a "" neutral "" discussion platform. Consider : Zuckerberg stole the initial idea for FB and initially had used it to further ridicule women."
"Mark Jackson has been part of white closet for a long time. Along side Sheryl Sandberg who encouraged conspiracy theories about George Soros at Facebook. FB will never been in ""neutral"" platform. Consider: Zuckerberg stole our design for FB and initially used it to ridicule women."
Fuck you facebook and ya stinkin ass memories
Fuck you facebook and ya stinkin ass memories
Fuck you facebook and ya sinkin ass memories
Fuck you facebook and ya stinkin ass<unk>
Hey Fuck you facebook reader and ya stinkin ass memories
Fuck you kids and ya stinkin ass memories
What the hell is facebook doing man pic.twitter.com/MFAB4XQDSt
What the hell is Facebook man doing pic.twitter.com / MFAB4XQDSt
"What the Devil Doesn't Joke
What the hell is facebook doing man pic.twitter.com/MFAB4XQDSt
Google What the hell is facebook doing man pic.twitter.com/MFAB4XQDSt
the
"APPARENTLY THE REASON WHY FACEBOOK 'FACT CHECKERS' HAVE CENSORED AN ACTUAL STATISTICAL FACT IS BECAUSE.... . ... TUBERCULOSIS
"The reason why FACEBOOK ""FACT CHECKERS"" IS A PROPERTY STATISTICAL FACT SETTING HEALTH RESPONSONS....... TUBERCULOSIS
"CAUSE WHY ACTUAL ""ACTUAL CHECKERS"" RECEIVED STATISTICAL ACTICAL STATISTICAL ACTICAL STATISTICAL ACTICAL ACTICAL STATISTICAL ACTICAL ACTICAL STATISTICAL ACTICAL ACTICAL STATISTICAL ACTICAL STATISTICAL ACTICTICAL ACTICAL STATISTICAL ACTICAL ACTICTICAL ACTICK... (... ""INTEGRATED BALL * CUS!!"")."
"APPARENTLY THE IS WHY A DATA CHECKERS' HAS CENSORED AN ACTUAL STATISTICAL FACT IS BECAUSE......... TUBERCULOSIS
"AND APPARENTLY THE REASON US WHY THE FACEBOOK'FACT CHECKERS'HAVE THE CENSORED AN ACTUAL AT STATISTICAL FACT IS BECAUSE........ TO TUBERCULOSIS
"<unk> FOR REASON For HOW 'FACT<unk>' HAVE CENSORED AN ACTUAL STATISTICAL<unk> IS BECAUSE........ TUBERCULOSIS
"STOP WASTING YOUR DATA  ON TWITTER
"Stop wasting your data on TWITTER
"MAINTENANCE OF YOUR MOVEMENT
"STOP IN YOUR DATA  ON TWITTER
"STOP WASTING YOUR DATA ON TWITTER
"STOP WASTING THAT DATA ON TWITTER
Doctor Simone Gold Fired from Hospital After Attending 'White Coat Summi... youtu.be/tynTVhyGxiI via @YouTube FUCKING FACEBOOK IS BLOCKING MY YOUTUBE SHARING ON TWITTER HOW FUCKING AMAZING
"Doctor Simone Gold fired from the hospital after taking part in ""White Coat Summi... youtu.be / tynTVhyGxiI via @ YouTube FUCKING FACEBOOK IS BLOCKING MY YOUTUBE SHARING ON TWITTER How FUCKING AMAZING"
Dr Simone Gold left hospital after visiting Summy's White Coat... youtu.be / tynhyGxiI via @ YouTube FUCKING FACEBOOK is BLOCKING MY YOUT SHARING ON TWITTER HOW FUCKING AMAZING
Doctor Simone Gold Fired from Hospital After Calling 'White Coat'youtu.be/tynTVhyGxiI via @YouTube FUCKING AP IS BLOCKING MY VIDEOS SHARING ON TWITTER!! FUCKING AMAZING
Our Doctor Simone De Gold Fired from Hospital Services After Attending'En White Coat Summi... youtu. be / is tynTVhyGxiI via I @YouTube FUCKING FACEBOOK IS A BLOCKING MY YOUTUBE GO SHARING ON OR TWITTER ST HOW FUCKING AMAZING
<unk> Simone Or Visiting White Hospital By Attending 'White Bird Hospital... youtu.be/tynTVhyGxiI via @YouTube FUCKING US WITHOUT BLOCKING MY YOUTUBE SHARING ON TWITTER HOW YOU AMAZING
@MTravanti think your Facebook isn’t working. Tried to message you back
@ MTravanti think your Facebook isn't working.
@ MTravanti think your Facebook isn't working. Tried to message you back
@MTravanti think your Facebook isn’t working. Tried to get you back
@MTravanti we think your favourite Facebook isn s ’ t working. Tried to message you back
time think your Facebook isn’t working. Tried but message you back
Facebook is a hub of fake information.
Facebook is a hub of fake information.
Facebook is a center of fake information.
Facebook is a hub of fake accounts.
Facebook is a national hub of fake information.
Facebook is a bunch of fake information.
"Facebook
"Facebook
"Facebook
"Facebook
"Facebook
"Facebook
Guys... Elementary days was pretty tough and this is my first ever edgy emo shirt that I owned and my Mom was mad about me for this Ndjdjdkdkajsj I hate facebook sometimes. pic.twitter.com/AReQoBYt6r
Guys... Primary school was pretty tough and this is my first edgy emo shirt that I owned and my mum was crazy about me for this ndjdjdkdkajsj that I sometimes hate on facebook pic.twitter.com / AReQoBYt6r
Guys... Eleanor's days were pretty tough and this is my first ever emo shirt I owned and my mum was crazy about me because of it Ndjdjdkdjsj I hate facebooksometimes. pic.facebook.com / AReQoBYt6r
Guys... Elementary days was pretty tough and this is my first ever edgy emo shirt that I owned and my Mom was mad about me for this Ndjdjdkdkajsj I hate facebook sometimes. pic.twitter.com/AReQoBYt6r
and Guys... Elementary days was pretty tough and this is my first ever edgy emo shirt that I owned and my Mom was mad about me for this Ndjdjdkdkajsj I hate facebook sometimes. pic.twitter.com/AReQoBYt6r
can
Twitter is just a place talking lie like Facebook. . if talking truth will be closed account. pic.twitter.com/XGKvpVfQEK
"Twitter is just a place where you tell lies like Facebook.. if you tell the truth
"Twitter is just a place where lies are told like Facebook... if you tell the truth
Twitter is just a place talking lie like Facebook. . if talking truth will be closed account. pic.twitter.com/XGKvpVfQEK
Source Twitter is just a place talking lie like Facebook. . if talking truth will be closed account. pic.twitter.com/XGKvpVfQEK
to
"RANT: Furious Joe Scarborough Calls Mark Zuckerberg
"RANT: Furious Joe Scarborough calls Mark Zuckerberg
"RANT: Furious Joe Scarborough Calls Mark Zuckerberg
"RANT: Furious Joe Scarborough Calls Mark Zuckerberg
"RANT : Furious Joe Mike Scarborough Calls Mark Zuckerberg
"RANT: Furious Joe Me Calls Mark Zuckerberg
the epoch times got tired of advertising on facebook it seems and is now sending their printed propaganda directly to homes as newsletters
the epochal times were apparently tired of advertising on Facebook and now send their printed propaganda directly home as a newsletter
"Ages tired of Facebook advertising
the epoch times got tired of advertising on facebook it seems and is now sending their printed propaganda material to viewers as newsletters
Between the epoch times he got tired of advertising on facebook it seems and Russia is now sending their first printed propaganda directly to homes on as newsletters
the epoch times companies tired of advertising on facebook it seems and is now giving forward printed propaganda directly to homes as newsletters
Can these friend requests on Facebook please stop??? I don’t know any of these people. I got 10 in one day. And they won’t stop coming . 
Can these friend requests on Facebook please stop??? I don't know any of these people. I got 10 in one day. And they won't stop coming.
I don't know any of these people. I got 10 in one day and they won't stop coming.
Can these friend lists on Facebook please stop??? I don’t know any of these people. I have 80 in one day. And they won’t stop coming.
Can these friend email requests on Facebook please stop??? And I don ’ t know any all of these people. I only got 10 years in one short day. And they won ’ t stop us coming.
Can these friend requests on Facebook please stop??? I hardly know any of my guys. I got 10 in one day. And people won’t stop me.
SUPERBLY put. Thank you.  
"SUPERBLY
SUPERBLY put. Thank you.
SUPERBLY true. Thank you.
0 SUPERBLY stays put. Thank you.
SUPERBLY put. Thank G.
Bravo! Off to a better company I’m sure.
"Bravo! Off to a better company
"Bravo! Go to the best company
Bravo! Off to a different company I’m sure.
Mission Bravo! 1 Off to a better company I ’ m sure.
Bravo! Off to a good company I’m sure.
Heard that New Majority Stake Holder of Twitter a Republican Billionaire Who was so upset of Bias who bought it to kick out Jackass. Similarly Mark FB w/o Indians will be a Graveyard.  
"You could hear the New Majority Stake Holder on Twitter
Note that Twitter's new owner was a Republican billionaire who was so upset by the bias that he bought it to kick out Jackass.
Heard that the Majority Stake Holder of being a Republican Billionaire Who was so upset of Bias who bought it to kick out Jackass. So the FB w/o Indians will be a Graveyard.
Heard story that New Majority Stake Holder CEO of Twitter a Dirty Republican Billionaire Who I was not so upset of Bias... who bought it to kick gun out Jackass. Similarly Mark down FB Jones w / o Indians will be a Graveyard.
Heard that East York Stake 4 was suing a Republican blogger Who was so upset of Bias who bought it to kick out Jackass. James Mark FB w/o Indians will be a Graveyard.
Facebook keeps playing games so my pages on there will be going dark for a while. Anything new coming across people timelines from them is not my doing.
"Facebook continues to play games
"Facebook continues to play games
Facebook keeps playing games so my pages on there will likely going dark for a while. Anything new coming across your timelines follows them is not my doing.
Facebook really keeps me playing computer games so my pages on there will be going dark for well a while. Anything new or coming back across people timelines from them is not my doing.
Facebook keeps playing games by many pages on there will go going dark for a summer. Anything new coming across people timelines from them is not my doing.
Twitter and snap is my personal apps.  everything I post on my snap story not goin on my Facebook or instagram story .  half the shit I post on here ain’t goin on Facebook !!
Twitter and Snap is my personal app. Everything I post on my Snap Story doesn't go on my Facebook or Instagram Story. Half the shit I post here doesn't go on Facebook!!
Twitter and snap are my personal apps. Everything I post on my snap story doesn't go on my Facebook or Instagram story. Half the crap I post here doesn't go on Facebook!!
Twitter and snap is my personal apps.  everything we post on my snap story not goin on my Facebook or instagram s.  half the shit ya post in here ain’t goin on Facebook!!
Twitter and snap news is my own personal iOS apps. everything I post on my snap story not goin quite on my Facebook or Facebook instagram story. half the shit I post going on here else ain ’ t goin all on Facebook!!
Twitter and snap is my goddamn apps. shit I post on a snap story not goin on my Facebook or my apps. half the shit I post on here ain’t working on Facebook!!
"Wanna Know How You Can Tell When The Truth Is Being Told?. Facebook Blocks It
"Want to know how you can tell when the truth is being told? Facebook blocks it
"Wanna Know How You Can Tell When The Truth is Being Told?. Facebook Bloks It
"Wanna Know How You Keep Inform When The News Is Being Told?. Facebook Blocks It
"Wanna Know How You Can Still Tell Me When Apparently The Big Truth Is Not Being Told?. Facebook Blocks It
"Wanna Know When You Can Tell When The Truth Is Being Told?. Facebook Blocks Her
"Tech issues delayed Big Tech hearing as Apple
"Technology Problems Delayed Big Tech Hearing as Apple
"Technology problems delayed Big Tech hearings as Apple
"Tech issues delayed Big Tech hearing as Apple
"Tech issues delayed Big Tech public hearing as Apple
"Tech issues delayed Big IT listening That Ubuntu
Too Much Hypocritical BS On Facebook
Too much sanctimonious BS on Facebook
Facebook's Too Much Hypocrisy
Too Fil Hypocritical BS On Facebook
Too Much Hypocritical BS B On Facebook Facebook
Too Much Hypocritical BS About Facebook
"I’m not going to post everything I’m doing as activities on Facebook anymore because it’s not working out
I will no longer post everything I do as activities on Facebook because it does not work (cont) tl.gd / n _ 1srakom
"I'm not going to post everything I'm doing as activities on Facebook anymore because it's not working out
"I’m not going to post everything I’m doing as software on Facebook anymore because it’s worse working outside
"But I ’ m not exactly going back to post back everything I ’ m doing as sex activities on Facebook anymore because then it sure ’ s not working well out
"I’m not getting to delete everything not doing working activities on Facebook anymore because of not working out
@Facebook you're team put an unjust & wrongful ban on my account. You need to fix it.
@ facebook you're team has imposed an unfair and unlawful ban on my account that you need to fix.
@ Facebook you're team put an unfair & wrong ban on my account. You need to fix it.
@Facebook you're team put an unjust & wrongful error on the account. You need to fix it.
@Facebook when you'd re team put an unjust & wrongful ban with on my account. You just need here to fix it.
@Facebook you're team put an unjust in wrongful ban on that account. I need to fix it.
"Comment from one group I know re @Facebook and its fundraising platform "" "
"Comment of a group I know re @ Facebook and its fundraising platform """
"Comment from one group I know
"Comment "" one group I know re @Facebook and its fundraising platform """
"2015 Comment from one group I know re @Facebook and its related fundraising platform """
"Comment About one company I know re @Facebook and its fundraising platform """
I have never witnessed so much infringement on the rights of others as I have seen with twitter and facebook censoring and discriminating against the rights of the people & violating their.  .  .  .  . Shameful
"I have never seen so many violations of the rights of others as on Twitter and Facebook
"I have never witnessed the infringement of other people's rights as much as in the case of censorship on social media and Facebook
I can never witnessed so much infringement upon the feelings of others as I have seen with twitter and facebook censoring and discriminating on the rights of the people & violating their. . . . . Shameful
I have never witnessed so much infringement on the rights of others... as I have seen with extreme twitter and strong facebook censoring techniques and discriminating specifically against all the rights of serving the American people & otherwise violating their..... Shameful
I have had witnessed so much censorship against the rights of others as I have seen with twitter to facebook censoring and discriminating against them rights between the people for violating their..... Shameful
the amount of racist scv people on facebook threatening to shoot anyone who who dares fight against racism in their precious predominantly white town disgust me. THIS is why we’re protesting. we can’t keep letting people like them think they are superior and that this is okay.
"the many racist scv people on facebook who threaten to shoot anyone who dares to fight racism in their precious
The number of racist people on Facebook threatening to shoot anyone who dares to fight racism in their precious predominantly white city disgusts me. That is why we cannot allow people like them to think that they are superior to us and that it is normal.
the list of racist scv people on facebook threatening to shoot anyone who who dares fight against racism in the precious predominantly white town disgust me. THIS about why we’re outraged. we can’t keep letting people beyond them think they are superior and that this is okay.
the amount of racist scv ed people on facebook covers threatening to shoot anyone who who first dares fight against racism in their precious predominantly white town disgust me. Breaking THIS is why we ’ re protesting. Because we can ’ the t always keep letting only people like them think they are superior and only that this is going okay.
The sight of racist scv people on facebook threatening to shoot anyone who who dares go against Occupy in their precious predominantly white town disgust me. THIS is why we’re out. we gotta keep letting people like them think they be superior and that this is okay.
@Twitter & @facebook are hypocritical cowardly Trump support shitstains. . Bombshell report: Facebook has known that it is fomenting extremism for years -- and refuses to stop mediamatters.org/facebook/bombs…
@ Twitter & @ facebook are hypocritically cowardly Trump supports Shitstorms. Bombshell report: Facebook has known for years that it fuels extremism - and refuses to stop mediamatters.org / facebook / bombs...
@ Twitter and @ facebook hypocritically support Trump... Bombshell report: Facebook knew it was fueling extremism for years - and refuses to stop mediamat.org / facebook / bombs...
@Twitter & MSM are hypocritical cowardly Trump support Democrats.. Bombshell report: Facebook already known that it is fomenting extremism for years -- and refuses to stop conspiracy.org/facebook/bombs…
@Twitter & THE @facebook that are frequently hypocritical towards cowardly Trump support shitstains.. org Bombshell report : Facebook has known already that possibly it also is fomenting extremism for several years - - and refuses to stop mediamatters. org / about facebook / bombs …
<unk> And @Twitter are hypocritical cowardly Trump and shitstains.. to report: Facebook is seen that and been fomenting extremism for years -- and refuses to support mediamatters.org/facebook/bombs...
WHY DOES IT HAVE THREE VERSIONS WTF . 
WHY IT HAS THREE VERSIONS WTF.
WHY THREE WTF VERSIONS HAPPENED IT.
WHY DOES IT HAVE THREE VIDEOS WTF.
19 WHY I DOES IT HAVE THREE ONE VERSIONS AM WTF.
WHY WILL IT HAVE THREE and WTF.
The best thing I could’ve done for my  
The best thing I could have done for my country
The best thing I could do for myself
The best thing I could’ve sacrificed for my
2 The best thing only I could ’ ve done for my
The best thing I could’ve chosen for my
"You can tell something really triggers a thought in my brain (observational
"It can be said that something really triggers a thought in my brain (observational
"You can say something that really triggers a thought in my brain (observant
"You can confirm something already triggers a thought in my brain again
"You can also tell when something really triggers a thought in both my right brain ( observational
"You can tell something pretty big a thought in my brain (observational
The fact Mark Zuckerberg backs Trump on his fight with twitter is seriously making me debate on deleting my Facebook
The fact that Mark Zuckerberg is backing Trump in his fight against Twitter makes me seriously debate deleting my Facebook account
The fact that Mark Zuckerberg supports Trump in his fight against Hitler makes me seriously think about deleting my Facebook
The fact Mark Zuckerberg backs Trump on his fight with twitter at seriously making me debate fully deleting my Facebook
6 The fact Mark Zuckerberg almost backs Trump Up on his fight with twitter is pretty seriously making me some debate on deleting my Facebook
The News Mark Zuckerberg backs Trump on his tearing down twitter is seriously making me debate on deleting my Facebook
Maaaaaannnnnnnnn wtf be going on on Facebook .  pic.twitter.com/qy8M4wnLrA
Maaaaaannnnnnnnn wtf on Facebook. pic.twitter.com / qy8M4wnLrA
Photo: pic.wikipedia.org / qy8M4LrA
Maaaaaannnnnnnnn wtf be going on on Facebook .  pic.twitter.com/qy8M4wnLrA
by Maaaaaannnnnnnnn wtf be going on on Facebook .  pic.twitter.com/qy8M4wnLrA
you
"For all those saying all of us with social media should stop complaining about a government app tacking us
"For anyone who says we should all stop complaining on social media about a government app
"For all those who say that all of us on social media should stop complaining about the government app that connects us
"For that those saying all of us via social media would stop complaining about a government app tacking websites
"For after all those saying and all of your us with social media should all stop complaining about a government app tacking us
"For all those saying all of now with social media should stop knowing about every Facebook app tacking us
With shenanigans of FB they need to be regulated. People believe everything they say/publish.
With tricks from FB they have to be regulated. People believe everything they say / publish.
People believe everything they say / publish.
With shenanigans in FB they need to be regulated. People believe everything they say/publish.
With more shenanigans of FB they probably need to never be regulated. People believe everything they should say / publish.
With shenanigans of FB everyone need probably be regulated. Better believe everything they say/publish.
June 2020.........Facebook is a coward!
June 2020......... Facebook is a coward!
June 2020......... Facebook is cool!
June 2020.........Facebook is a reality!
June June date 2020......... Facebook is now a coward!
year 2020.........Facebook is a joke!
Why am I still getting poked on Facebook
Why am I still playing poker on Facebook?
Why I'm still being poked on Facebook
Why am I still getting poked in Facebook
Why am really I still getting poked on Facebook
Why am I still getting poked a Facebook
@Facebook removes viral video exposing BJP from @NirbhikUttor 's official page right after BJP whatsapp group announces a REPORT-conspiracy. They just killed journalism! Please help us breath and fight for truth!  . @naukarshah @ReallySwara @anuragkashyap72 pic.twitter.com/ur2gq1qwqM
@ Facebook removes viral video showing BJP from official page of @ NirbhikUttor 'immediately after the BJP whatsapp group announces a REPORT conspiracy You just killed journalism! Please help us breathe and fight for the truth!. @ naukarshah @ ReallySwara @ anuragkashyap72 pic.twitter.com / ur2gq1qwqM
@ Facebook is removing the viral video from the official @ NirbhikUttor page immediately after the BJP WhatsApp group announced the REPORT plot. They just killed journalism! Please help us breathe and fight for the truth!. @ naukarshah @ ReallySwara @ anuragkashyap72 pic.s.com / ur2gq1qwqM
RhandlerR removes viral video exposing BJP from RhandlerR 's official page right after BJP whatsapp group announces a REPORT-conspiracy. They just killed journalism! Please help us breath and fight for truth!  . RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR pic.twitter.com/ur2gq1qwqM
and RhandlerR removes viral video exposing BJP from RhandlerR 's official page right after BJP whatsapp group announces a REPORT-conspiracy. They just killed journalism! Please help us breath and fight for truth!  . RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR pic.twitter.com/ur2gq1qwqM
or
I had to deactivate Facebook that shit ain’t mean me no good fr
I had to disable Facebook that shit doesn't get me anything.
"I had to turn off Facebook
I had to deactivate Facebook that shit ain’t mean me no good fr
I had to deactivate Facebook thinking that funny shit ain ’ t mean for me no good fr
I had to deactivate Facebook that it ain’t mean me no good right
Facebook is allowing  
Facebook admits
Facebook Allows
Facebook is different
Facebook is still allowing
Facebook apps allowing
Stupidity !
Stupidity!
Stupidity!
Stupidity aside
From Stupidity!
Stupidity!
"Facebook has really gone full retard with the whole ""verify your account with a mobile number"" only to not send a code to said number. Like why do you need my phone - I'll use a fucking email. Honestly this app is trash.. .  "
"Facebook has been really slow with the whole ""Check your account with a mobile number"" just to not send a code to that number. Like
"Facebook did go full steam ahead with a whole ""check your account with your mobile number"" only to not send the code to the number specified."
"Facebook has really gone full retard adopting the saying ""verify your account with a mobile number"" only to not send a code from said number. Like you do you need my phone - I'll use a fucking email. Honestly its app is trash..."
"Facebook has just really gone full major retard on with the whole "" verify your account data with a mobile number "" only to not actually send over a code to said number. Like because why do you need my phone - I'll use a little fucking email. Honestly this Apple app today is trash..."
"Facebook has really gone the retard doing the app ""verify your email with a mobile number"" only they not send a code to any number. Like why do you need the phone - I'll do a fucking email. Honestly THAT app is trash..."
Stop Facebook creating hiding places for child abusers e-activist.com/page/52739/pet… https://t.co/m0aVl0tdlO
Stop creating hiding places for child abusers through Facebook e-activist.com / page / 52739 / pet... https: / / t.co / m0aVl0tdlO
Enough of Facebook to create caches for child rapists e-activist.com / page / 52739 / pet...
Stop Facebook creating hiding places for child abusers change-activist.com/page/52739/pet… edit]
Stop Facebook creating or hiding from places available for child abusers e - activist. com / page / page 52739 / pet … → https://t.co/m0aVl0tdlO ]
Your Facebook creating hiding places place love abusers e-activist.com/page/52739/pet... by]
Facebook is the most annoying thing ever made and the only reason I have one is so my family knows I’m still alive 🤣 bc I don’t want them calling me
Facebook is the most annoying thing that's ever been done and the only reason I have one is because my family know I'm still alive.
"Facebook is the most annoying thing I've ever done
Facebook is the most important thing ever made and the only reason I have one is so my family knows I’m still alive 🤣 bc totally don’t want them recognizing me
Facebook is the most annoying thing ever I made and the only reason since I have one is so my family knows I ’ ′ m still alive today [UNK] a bc I also don ’ t want them calling to me
Facebook is the most annoying thing ever made and my only reason I have one for that my family knows I’m being alive <unk> bc I don’t want them calling me
"When you have conservative money to spend millions in ads to spread hate
"If you have conservative money to spend millions on ads to spread hate
"When you have conservative money to spend millions on ads to spread hate
"When you have conservative groups to spend millions in ads to spread hate
"When first you finally have conservative money to spend millions of in ads to spread hate
"minute they lose conservative money to spend millions in ads to spread hate
I’m scared to open Facebook rn. 
I'm scared to open Facebook.
I'm afraid to start Facebook.
I’m trying to open Facebook rn.
Sometimes I ’ she m scared to open Facebook rn.
being scared to open Facebook rn.
deleted my sister off facebook too no one is safe if ur a racist x
deleted my sister from Facebook to no one is sure if ur a racist x
removed my sister from Facebook too no one is safe if our racist x
deleted my sister off facebook too no one is safe anymore ur a racist x
You deleted my sister off facebook too no loved one is safe if ur a racist w x
deleted a sister off facebook too no one is safe if ur a 2 x
No regards for human life . 
No consideration for human life.
No concern for human life.
No use for human life.
No regards for better human life.
No respect for human life.
Y’all I found this on Facebook and I’m fucking losing my SHIT pic.twitter.com/bGobvWc7wS
"I found it all on Facebook and damn
Y'all I find this on Facebook and I'm fucking losing my SHIT pic.facebook.com / bGobvWc7wS
Y’all I found this on Facebook and I’m fucking losing my SHIT pic.twitter.com/bGobvWc7wS
With Y’all I found this on Facebook and I’m fucking losing my SHIT pic.twitter.com/bGobvWc7wS
had
the fact that racists run amuck on @facebook and they just let them....smh
the fact that racists run amok on @ facebook and just let them run.... smh
the fact that racists run amuck on @ facebook and they just let them.... smh
the story that racists run amuck on @facebook and they just let them....smh
the fact that those racists run all amuck on @facebook and how they just let on them.... smh
the notion that racists run guns through @facebook and they just let them....smh
"you've made twitter facebook
"You made Twitter Facebook
"You did Facebook
"you've made twitter facebook
"you'must ve made twitter facebook
"you've made twitter facebook
"@facebook is about to be broken up by justice. At that point
"@ facebook is about to be smashed by the judiciary. At this point
@ facebook is about to be broken up by justice.
"@facebook is about to se broken up by justice. At some point
"@facebook is about to be broken up by justice. But At even that point
"@facebook is suppose to be broken all by justice. At that time
The Facebook avatar feature is already the most annoying thing ever.
The Facebook avatar feature is already the most annoying thing ever.
Facebook's avi feature has already become the most irritating.
The Facebook avatar feature is already the most annoying thing online.
The Facebook avatar feature is already doing the most incredibly annoying thing ever.
The Facebook avatar feature is literally the most annoying thing ever.
I agree with Brittany Kaiser that Micro-Targeting of Facebook is an immense problem us all in elections.  
I agree with Brittany Kaiser that micro-targeting Facebook in elections is a huge problem for all of us.
I agree with Brittany that micro-targeting Facebook is a huge problem for all of us in elections.
I agree with Bob Kaiser... Micro-Targeting of Facebook is an immense problem us all in elections.
Then I agree with Brittany Kaiser that Micro - Targeting of Facebook is an immense business problem because us face all in elections.
I agree with Brittany Kaiser that Micro-Targeting over Facebook present an immense problem us all in general.
TWITTER IS FULL OF SOULLESS ENTITIES FROM FACEBOOK WHO PLAY VIDEO GAMES AND ARE ADDICTED TO WEED ... 🧜‍. 
"SECOND IS FULL OF SOULLESS ENTITIES FROM FACEBOOK
TWELFTH FROM THE FACTS FROM THE FACTS GAMING VIDEO-GAME AND ADDRESSING...
TWITTER PAGE FULL OF SOULLESS ENTITIES FROM FACEBOOK WHO PLAY VIDEO GAMES AND ARE ABOUT TO WEED... IN.
TWITTER IS FULL OF OF NO SOULLESS ON ENTITIES AND FROM FACEBOOK TO WHO THE PLAY VIDEO GAMES IS AND UN ARE ADDICTED TO NO WEED... AND [UNK].
TWITTER BY FULL THAT ONLY ENTITIES FROM THE<unk> PLAY IN GAMES AND ARE ADDICTED THE WEED... <unk>.
"@Facebook I am trying to recover since 25 days
"@ Facebook I have been trying to recover for 25 days
"@ Facebook I'm trying to recover from 25 days
"@Facebook I in trying to recover since 25 days
"@Facebook and I am not trying hard to recover since last 25 days
"@Facebook I am due to recover in 6 weeks
So glad I never joined Facebook.
So glad I never joined Facebook.
So glad I never joined Facebook.
So glad I finally joined Facebook.
So glad I never joined up Facebook.
So glad I never discovered Facebook.
Is Facebook losing the boycott battle? flip.it/P0TDfH
Is Facebook losing the boycott battle? flip.it / P0TDfH
Facebook loses boycott battle? flip.it / P0TDfH
Is Facebook losing that boycott battle? flip.it/P0TDfH
Is really Facebook losing out the boycott battle? YouTube flip. it / P0TDfH
<unk> Facebook losing the love battle? flip.it/P0TDfH
The fact that I can't speak freely on any big tech site is a gross violation of my human right to freedom of speech.
The fact that I cannot speak freely on any major tech site is a gross violation of my human right to freedom of speech.
The fact that I cannot speak freely on any major technology site is a gross violation of my human right to freedom of speech.
The fact that I can't speak freely on any big tech site is a substantial violation of my legitimate right to freedom of speech.
The fact that I can't speak freely on any fucking big tech site officially is a gross unconstitutional violation of my sole human constitutional right to freedom of speech.
awful truth that I can't speak freely on one big tech site is a gross violation on my human right to freedom of speech.
My face watching the Facebook mess
My face at the sight of Facebook chaos
My Face Watches the Riots on Facebook
My face watching your Facebook mess
My face always watching the Facebook mess
My Soul watching the Facebook mess
"More obvious bias from social media giants.. . Florida man sentenced for threats against Christian organization on Facebook
"More blatant bias by social media giants... Florida man convicted of threatening Christian organization on Facebook
"More blatant bias from the social media giants... a Florida man convicted of threatening a Christian organization on Facebook
"More obvious bias from tech media giants... Florida man sentenced for threats towards Christian groups on Facebook
"More obvious bias from social media gaming giants... only Florida man is sentenced for violent threats against Christian organization services on Facebook
"More current issue from social justice giants... Florida man waited for threats against Christian organization on Facebook
"Twitter and Facebook are places to share information
"Twitter and Facebook are places where information
"Twitter and Facebook are places where information
"Twitter and Facebook are places that share information
"Twitter and Facebook are places wide to even share the information
"Twitter and Facebook two places to share information
Criminal indeed
Criminal indeed

Criminal history
Criminal as indeed
could indeed
Leave those ugly ass pictures on Facebook.
Leave these ugly ass photos on Facebook.
Leave these ugly photos on Facebook.
Leave those ugly dog pictures on Facebook.
Leave those ugly crack ass pictures on Facebook.
Leave you ugly ass pictures on Facebook.
" . Facebook admits failings over emotion manipulation study.   short of apologising for a controversial experiment it conducted this year. In June
"Facebook acknowledges failures to manipulate emotions without apologizing for a controversial experiment it conducted this year
"In June
". Facebook admits failings over emotion manipulation study.   short to apologising for a controversial experiment it conducted this year. In June
". to Facebook admits failings over emotion manipulation study. short of apologising Facebook for a controversial research experiment it conducted this first year. In June
". Facebook revealed failings over content manipulation study. short of apologising for a controversial experiment it conducted this way. In June
There are few things I care less about right now than fucking Facebook employees feel about their company aiding fascism.  
There are few things that are less important to me right now than damned Facebook employees if their company supports fascism.
"Now
There are few things I worry less about right now than fucking Facebook employees feel about their company and fascism.
There are the few things I care less about right now than fucking Facebook whose employees feel uneasy about joining their company aiding fascism.
There are few things I care less about more now except fucking Facebook employees feel about their company like fascism.
You say that like it’s a bad thing.
They say it's a bad thing.
You say it's as if it's a bad thing.
You say that when it’s a bad thing.
You probably say that like it never ’ s a bad thing.
usually say that like it’s a bad thing.
This is disgusting. Call these assholes out 🤬
"This is disgusting
It's disgusting.
This is real. Call these assholes out 🤬
This woman is disgusting. 8 Call these assholes out [UNK]
This is disgusting. Call our assholes out <unk>
Facebook BOYCOTT: Major corporations demand MORE social media censorship - TheBlaze theblaze.com/glenn-radio/fa…
Facebook BOYCOTT: Big companies demand MORE social media censorship - TheBlaze theblaze.com / glenn-radio / fa...
Facebook BOYCOTT: Major corporations demand more censorship on social networks - TheBlaze theblaze.com / glam-radio / fa...
Facebook BOYCOTT: Major corporations demand mass social networking censorship - TheBlaze theblaze.com/glenn-radio/fa…
Official Facebook group BOYCOTT : Major Korean corporations can demand MORE in social media censorship - TheBlaze over theblaze. It com / glenn - radio / fa …
Facebook BOYCOTT: Major petition for MORE complete music censorship - TheBlaze by.com/glenn-radio/fa...
"omg i hate facebook
"omg I hate Facebook
"omg i hate facebook
"omg i hate facebook
"omg and i hate facebook
"omg i hate twitter
Chaos is almost always getting into Facebook arguments or leaving mean notes.
Chaos almost always comes into Facebook arguments or leaves nasty notes.
almost always gets into arguments on Facebook or leaves vile notes.
Chaos was almost always getting into Facebook arguments or leaving mean notes.
Chaos is almost always getting into Facebook with arguments right or leaving mean notes.
Chaos is almost always getting into Facebook arguments or quick quick notes.
"Trump 2020. Going shopping.Class Action Lawsuit against FaceBook
"Trump 2020. Shopping.Class action against FaceBook
"Trump 2020: Lawsuit against FaceBook
"Trump 2020. Going shopping.Class a Lawsuit against FaceBook
"President Trump 2020. The Going shopping. Class Action Lawsuit violations against FaceBook
"Trump 2020. Going shopping.Class 2010 Lawsuit against Twitter
Going on Facebook first thing in the morning is always a risk.
Taking to Facebook first thing in the morning is always a risk.
Going to Facebook in the morning is always a risk.
Going on Facebook first thing in the night is always a risk.
Going on Facebook first really thing seven in the morning is always a risk.
Going on Facebook first thing in our morning is always a risk.
"Of course the real solution to all this is moving to a new
"Of course
"Of course
"Of course the immediate solution to all this is moving over a new
"Of good course the real solution to doing all all this is moving to create a new
"Of that the simple solution to all problems is shifting to a cooler
"I KNEW FACEBOOK WAS A EVIL WEBSITE
"I KNOW that FACEBOOK was a nasty WEBSITE
"I KNOW THE FACTS
"I GOT FACEBOOK WAS A EVIL WEBSITE
"I WHO KNEW FACEBOOK WAS A ONE EVIL WEBSITE
"I KNEW FACEBOOK WAS A EVIL WEBSITE
"Hey
"Hey
"Hey
"Hey
"Radio Hey
We
"Reason 3
Reason why I'm not going near Facebook.. twitter.com / realDonaldTrum...
Reason 3768 why I won't go near Facebook.. http: / / realDonaldTrump...
"Reason 3
"Team Reason 3
<unk>
It was useless . .. Who is the Innovation Manager at Facebook
It was useless... Who is the innovation manager at Facebook?
It was useless... Who is the Facebook manager?
It was useless... Who is the Innovation Officer at Facebook
It was useless... Who is the Innovation Information Manager at That Facebook
It<unk> useless... Who is the Innovation Manager for Facebook
Hateful extremists
Hateful extremists
Extremist hooligans
Hateful Comment
Members Hateful extremists
with extremists
"Which one of you got my works Facebook page banned? Damn haters
"Who of you blocked my Facebook page? Damn haters
"Who among you banned my work on Facebook? Damn
"Which one of you got my works Facebook page banned? Damn haters
"Which one of you got my works Facebook page banned? And Damn haters
"Which one of you got my works Facebook page banned? Damn right
"omg i just deactivated my facebook account
"omg I just deactivated my facebook account
"omg i just deactivated my facebook account
"omg everyone just deactivated my facebook profile
"omg i either just deactivated all my facebook account
"omg i just killed my facebook deal
Rockstar really milked GTA V for 3 FUCKING GENERATIONS of consoles. THAT SHIT WAS ON THE PLAYSTATION 3 AND WILL BE ON THE 5 and these Nina’s just started developing gta 6. 
Rockstar has really milked GTA V for 3 FUCKING GENERATIONS of consoles. THAT HAPPENED ON THE PLAYSTATION 3 and WILL BE ON THE 5 and these Nina's have just started developing gta 6.
Rockstar did milk the GTA V for 3 FUCKING GENERATIONS of consoles.
Rockstar really milked GTA V for 3 FUCKING GENERATIONS 2 consoles. THESE SHIT WAS FROM THE PLAYSTATION 3 AND WILL BE ON THE 5 and these Nina’s just started developing gta s.
Rockstar really milked GTA Turbo V for... 3 FUCKING ON GENERATIONS pairs of consoles. YOU THAT SHIT WAS ON THE PLAYSTATION 3 AND WILL IT BE ON THE IS 5 and these Nina it ’ s just slightly started developing gta the 6.
Rockstar really milked GTA V for 3 FUCKING GENERATIONS of it. THAT SHIT WAS ON SO PLAYSTATION<unk> AND ONLY BE ON A END and how Nina’s just started developing gta IV.
gta 5 rp is trash no one wanted to help me . 
gta 5 rp is garbage no one wanted to help.
gta 5 rp is trash no one wanted to help me.
gta 5 rp<unk> trash no one wanted to help me.
gta and 5 rp is trash no one wanted to help find me.
gta 5 rp a trash no friends wanted to help me.
Hahah some GTA shit that
"Hahah
"Ha ha
Hahah some GTA love that
Hahah some GTA for shit that
Hahah some GTA shit gonna
All of a sudden GTA V isn’t fun anymore because it’s literally real life now
Suddenly GTA V isn't fun anymore because it's literally real now
"Suddenly GTA V ceased to be fun
All of a sudden GTA V isn’t fun anymore … I literally real life now
1 All of a sudden GTA V over isn ain ’ t fun anymore or because it ’ s literally real life now
All of a sudden GTA becomes not fun anymore because it’s not real life now
this is so false its not even funny lmao
This is so wrong it's not even funny lmao
this is so false its not even funny lmao
this is so false its beyond even funny lmao
this is so false thing its not even funny until lmao
this is so false its not even your lmao
"@RockstarSupport I’m having issues on gta v online with vehicle requests it keeps saying delivery in progress on all vehicles including those like the avenger etc
"@ RockstarSupport I have problems on gta v online with vehicle inquiries it holds
@ RockstarSupport I have problems on GTA V online with vehicle requests it keeps saying delivery in process on all vehicles including those like Avenger etc how can I fix this
"@RockstarSupport I’m having issues on gta v online with vehicle requests it keeps saying delivery in priority on all vehicles including those like gold avenger etc
"@RockstarSupport I remember ’ i m having issues being on gta v online with more vehicle requests it keeps saying delivery in progress on all vehicles including those like at the avenger hunt etc
"@RockstarSupport is having issues on gta v online with vehicle delivery it seems fast delivery in progress on all vehicles including those like the avenger etc
Bro we don’t care about GTA V re-release fuck man! Where is GTA 6 or someshit! How many times did they re-release GTA V?
"Bro
"Bro
Bro we don’t care about GTA V re-release fuck man! That is GTA 6 our someshit! How many times did they non-release GTA V?
But Bro we don ’ that t particularly care about GTA III V re - release fuck man! Where is after GTA VP 6 or someshit! How many times did they ever re - release GTA V?
Bro we don’t care till GTA V re-release<unk> No! Where is GTA 12 or now! How many times did they re-release GTA 5?
i can open up gta san andreas and make a better animation in 5 minutes rn
i can open gta san andreas and make a better animation in 5 minutes rn
i can open up gta andreas and make a better animation in 5 minutes.
i can open up with san andreas and make it better animation in 5 minutes rn
i can open up gta san andreas files and make a better animation animation program in 5 5 minutes rn
i can open up gta san interface and edit a hand animation in 5 minutes rn
"I'm Dave! Facts below:. 1. Suffered a collapsed lung in my 20's. Why? No reason! It just happens to some people.. 2. Habs supporter (Montreal Canadiens NHL team). 3. Absolute fanatic for Dark Crystal. 4. Worked on GTA V
"I'm Dave! The following facts: 1. Suffered a lung collapse in my twenties. Why? No reason! It just happened to some people.. 2. Habs supporters (Montreal Canadiens NHL team). 3. Absolute fanatic for Dark Crystal. 4. Worked on GTA V
"I'm Dave! The facts are below: 1. Proposed a broken lung in my 20s. Why? No reason! It just happens to some people.. 2. Habs fan (Montreal Canadiens NHL team). 3. An absolute fan of Dark Crystal. 4. Worked on GTA V
"I'm Dave! Facts below:. 1. Suffered a dead lung in low 20's. Why? No reason! It just happens to some people.. 2. Team supporter (Montreal Canadiens NHL team). Car. Absolute fanatic via Dark Crystal. 4. Worked during GTA V
"I'm no Dave! Facts below :. 1. Often Suffered a collapsed lung in about my late 20's. Why? 4 No reason! It just happens to in some people.. 2. Habs supporter ( Former Montreal Canadiens NHL team ). 3. Absolute fanatic for Dark Crystal. 4 4. Worked on GTA and V
"I'm 22! Facts below:. 1. Has a painful lung in my 20's. Why? No reason! It just happens to some randomly.. 2. Heavy supporter (Montreal Canadiens hockey team). 3. Absolute fanatic for Billy Crystal. 4. Worked on GTA V
@RockstarSupport hi my screen name is zen-tanka on Grand theft Auto online and I bought a whale cash card the 15th of April and I haven't received a bonus yet. It's been 5 days now Andover 72 hours
@ RockstarSupport hello my screen name is Zen-Tanka on Grand theft car online and I bought a Wal Cash Card on April 15th and I have not received any bonus yet.
@ RockstarSupport hi my screen name is zen-tanka on Grand Theft Auto online and I buy a whale cash card the 15th of April and I have not received a bonus yet. It's been 5 days now Andover 72 hours
@RockstarSupport hi my maiden name is zen-tanka on T theft Auto online and I bought a whale cash card the 15th of July and I haven't received a bonus yet.<unk> been 5 days now Andover 72 hours
@RockstarSupport hi to my screen computer name is zen - new tanka on Grand theft at Auto online and I have bought a whale cash insurance card the exact 15th of April 2009 and I haven't entirely received a bonus yet. It's been 5 whole days now Andover 72 hours
post hi my screen name is zen-tanka on Grand theft Auto online and I purchased this whale beach card the 15th of April and I haven't received a bonus yet. It's been two days and Andover 36 hours
"Well
"Well
"Well
"Well
"6 Well
"Well
"When they started making shit like this 
"When they started doing shit like that
"When they started doing this shit
"When they started making shit up this
"When they started making shit sounded like with this
"after they started making shit like this
gta vr has made me want to throw up my body is not ready for this
"gta vr made me want to vomit
gta vr has made me want to throw up my body is not ready for this
gta vr has made me want to throw up ur body is not ready for this
gta vr has made all me want to throw up my body who is not ready properly for this
gta workout has made me want to throw up this body is not ready for this
I thought the game was damn near done wtf going on
"I thought the game was damn close over
I thought the game was dark near done wtf going on
I thought the game was damn near done wtf going ahead
I thought the word game was damn near done wtf a going on
I thought the game sounded damn near done wtf came on
Maxwell in  . .  
Maxwell in..
Maxwell in...
Maxwell in . 08
Maxwell reached in..
came in..
"Wow Franklin in GTA V really kinda gets completely screwed over doesn't he
"Wow Franklin in GTA V gets really messed up
"Wow Franklin in GTA V is really turning the screws
"Wow Franklin in GTA V really kinda gets kinda screwed over doesn't he
"Wow Franklin in GTA V really kinda gets out completely screwed over doesn't he
"Wow guy in GTA V really kinda gets completely screwed about it't he
And I still don’t be knowing wtf going on in GTA.🤣
And I still don't know what's going on in GTA.
And I still don't know what's going on in GTA.
And I still don’t be my wtf going on in GTA.🤣
And I still don ain ’ t be knowing something wtf going on in a GTA. [UNK]
And I still don’t regret knowing wtf else on in GTA.<unk>
@RockstarGames  there a facking glitch in gta where ur night club van cant be destroy do something about it that the only shit i get in lobby
@ RockstarGames there is an unpleasant glitch in gta where our nightclub van can not be destroyed do something about that the only shit I get in the lobby
@ RockstarGames there facking glib in gta where ur night club van cant be destroy do something about it that the only shit i get in lobby
@RockstarGames  there a facking glitch in gta where ur night watch van might be destroy do something about it that the only help i get in lobby
@RockstarGames there Is a certain facking glitch in gta where the ur night club van cant be destroy do something else about it that the gets only more shit i can get in lobby
@RockstarGames there a facking park in gta where ur night club van cant be destroy do<unk> and then that the only shit i get in back
Thankyou GTA for having me do the same prep work 5 times in a row only to still not be able to complete the prep work. @RockstarGames pic.twitter.com/zZVfSRHeWG
"Thank you GTA for making me do the same preparatory work 5 times in a row
Thank you to GTA for doing the same preparatory work 5 times in a row only to still not be able to complete the preparatory work. @ RockstarGames pic.wikipedia.org / zZZ
Thankyou GTA for having me do the same prep work 5 times in a row only to still not be able to complete the prep work. RhandlerR pic.twitter.com/zZVfSRHeWG
† Thankyou GTA for having me do the same prep work 5 times in a row only to still not be able to complete the prep work. RhandlerR pic.twitter.com/zZVfSRHeWG
is
Sad I got a point to say anyone say gta 6 look crazy get life stop saying everything that happens in real life comparing to video game that is not even out your sad piece of shit people there lady that got hit by that car just lost her life show respect or could be u
Sorry I have a point to say that everyone says gta 6 look crazy get life stop saying everything that happens in real life comparing to video game that is not even out your sad piece of shit people there lady that got hit by that car just lost her life show respect or could be u
"Unfortunately
Sad I got a point my say anyone say gta 6 look crazy get life stop saying everything that happens in real life comparing to ur game that is retarded even out your sad piece of shit people there lady that got hit by that car girl lost her hair show respect or could be u
Sad I got a huge point today to say anyone say gta 6 look crazy s get life stop saying everything that happens only in real life comparing to video game that is not even out as your sad piece of shit people look there lady woman that got off hit by that car just lost her life be show respect is or could be u
Sad Girls got a point about say anyone say gta 6 look just get life out saying everything that happens in real life comparing to video game that is not even out your sad piece of shit people there lady that got killed by that car just lost her mind even respect or could anyone u
I can't stand your ass OMG!
I can't stand your ass OMG!
I can't stand your ass OMG!
I wanna stand your ass OMG!
I can't barely stand walking your ass OMG!
I can't stand her ass OMG!
Most random shit . 
The most random shit.
The most random shit.
Most random clusters.
Most were random shit.
Most expensive shit.
"@RockstarGames been on this screen for 18 minutes while trying to sell a lockup on gta 5
"@ RockstarGames on this screen for 18 minutes while trying to sell a lock on gta 5
"@ RockstarGames have been on this screen for 18 minutes trying to sell the lock on gta 5
"RhandlerR been on this screen for 18 minutes while trying to sell a lockup on gta 5
"THE RhandlerR been on this screen for 18 minutes while trying to sell a lockup on gta 5
a
Police are always the bad guy om grand theft auto ex David
Police are becoming the villain in major car theft case
Police are always the bad guy for ex-David's big car theft
Police are always the sound guy om grand theft auto ex David
Police are your always the bad guy om every grand theft auto ex David
Police are on the bad guy om grand theft auto ex David
@RockstarSupport I have a problem where GTA V on my pc has an infinite loading screen and I have no clue why it does it and it’s been like this for months and it’s resulted in me not being able to play gta v
@ RockstarSupport I have a problem where GTA V on my PC has an infinite charging screen and I have no idea why it does this and it has been like this for months and it has resulted in me not being able to play gta v
@ RockstarSupport I have a problem where GTA V on my computer has an endless boot screen and I don't have a clue why it does it and it's been like this for a few months and it's resulted in me not being able to play GTA V
@RockstarSupport I have a problem where GTA V in my pc has an infinite run time.. I have no clue why it needs it and it’s been like this for months and it’s resulted in me not being able to play gta v
@RockstarSupport I have had a problem where GTA V on my Xbox pc has an infinite high loading screen and somehow I have no clue why it actually does it sometimes and it ’ s been like this for months and it ’ s resulted in seeing me so not being able to freely play gta to v
@RockstarSupport also have a problem where v V on my pc has an infinite loading screen and I had no clue why THIS does happen<unk> Its been like this for centuries and it’s resulted in me not being able to play gta v
I’m crying so hard right now 🤣🤣🤣  
I'm crying so much right now.
I'm crying so hard now.
I’m crying so hard right now …
I ’ m actually crying so hard right now [UNK]
I’m working so hard right now <unk>
They just now making this shit
re just doing this shit
They're only now doing this crap
They re now making this shit
They just now making do this shit
They just now making this thing
Dead ass bro . 
Dead ass bro.
Dead ass bro.
Dead spin bro.
9 Dead ass bro.
bad ass bro.
I miss playing the game.  Online GTA is confusing asf to me🤦. ‍. 
I miss playing the game. Online GTA is confusing to me.
I miss the game. Online GTA baffles me.
I enjoyed playing the game.  Online GTA is confusing looking to me🤦. ‍.
I miss fun playing the arcade game. Online game GTA is confusing asf to [UNK]..
completely miss playing the game. Online GTA is confusing asf to play..
Sorry I haven't been having any ideas what I'm gonna post lately. I've been having fun playing rdr2 and I gotta say it's better for me since gta is too much for me
I'm sorry I didn't have any ideas about what I'm going to post lately. I had fun playing rdr2 and I have to say it's better for me because gta is too much for me.
Sorry I haven't had any ideas what I'm gonna post lately. I've been having fun playing rdr2 and I hate it's better for me since gta is too much for me
Sorry I haven't been having any ideas what the gonna post lately. I've been having fun playing rdr2 and I gotta say it's better for me then gta is too much of me
Sorry I haven't been having any any ideas what I'm ever gonna post myself lately. Besides I've been busy having fun playing rdr2 today and I gotta just say it's all better for me since gta is too freaking much for me
Sorry I haven't been getting any ideas that I'm gonna post lately. I've been having fun playing rdr2 and I gotta admit it's better for life since gta is not much to me
Glitch GTA pic.twitter.com/iTI8sCZsoJ
Glitch GTA pic.twitter.com / iTI8sCZsoJ
Photo: www.gTA / iTI8sCZsoJ
Glitch GTA pic.twitter.com/iTI8sCZsoJ
com Glitch GTA pic.twitter.com/iTI8sCZsoJ
and
FUCK YOUR SHIT GAME GTA I SPENT 200k ON A CAR JUST FOR IT TO GET BLOWN UP AND I  THE INSURANCE DIDINT WORK
FUCK YOUR SHOOTING GAME GTA I SPENT 200k for a car just so it is inflated and I WORK THE INSURANCE DIDITIONAL
FUCK YOUR SHIT GAME GTA I SPENT 200k ON A CAR JUST FOR IT TO GET BLOWN UP AND I THE INSURANCE DIDINT WORK
FUCK YOUR SHIT GAME GTA THEY SPENT 200k ON A CAR JUST FOR IT TO GET J UP AND I  THE INSURANCE DIDINT K
FUCK YOUR SHIT IT GAME GTA I MA SPENT 200k ON A E CAR AND JUST FOR YOU IT TO GET AND BLOWN UP WHO AND I TO THE INSURANCE AND DIDINT NO WORK
FUCK AT SO GAME WITH I K 200k ON A CAR JUST FOR FREE TO GET BLOWN UP AND I AND INSURANCE DIDINT WORK
"@RockstarSupport. . Hello
"@ RockstarSupport... Hello
"@ RockstarSupport.. Hello
"@RockstarSupport.. Hello
"@RockstarSupport.. Hello
"back.. Hello
man i put in a support ticket w rockstar because i can't stay connected to gta online and they closed it without even responding to me
Man I am in a support ticket w Rockstar because I can not stay connected with gta online and they closed it without even responding to me
man i put in a support ticket w star because i can't stay connected to gta online and they closed it without even responding to me
man i put in a support ticket w rockstar because i can't stay connected wi gta online and they closed it without even responding to messages
angry man i never put in a support ticket on w da rockstar because i can't stay connected to gta over online and say they closed it without even responding to me
and i pulled together a support ticket w rockstar because i can't stay connected to gta media and they closed it without even responding to a
Can GTA 5 go away already? I'm sick of seeing ads about it.
Can GTA 5 disappear? I'm sick of seeing advertisements about it.
Can GTA 5 already go away? I'm sick of seeing ads about it.
Can GTA 5 go away already? I'm bored of seeing ads about it.
18 Can this GTA 5 go away already? I'm sick of them seeing ads about it.
Can GTA 5 go away too? I'm sick now seeing ads about it.
Fix the errors in the new GTA V updates
Fix the bugs in the new GTA V updates
Fixed bugs in new updates of GTA V
Fix the bugs in the new GTA V updates
Features Fix the errors in the new GTA Mark V updates
Fix the errors in the new Red V updates
@RockstarGames the user prompt for deleting vehicles in a full garage should be replaced with relocation of currently stored vehicles. I want my car fully upgraded Vacca back I’m very disappointed and will be taking a long break from GTA five if my car isn’t returned please🤕
@ RockstarGames the user prompt to delete vehicles in a full garage should be replaced by the relocation of currently stored vehicles. I want my car to be fully upgraded to Vacca I am very disappointed and will take a long break from GTA5 if my car is not returned please.
@ RockstarGames user prompts for removing vehicles in a full garage should be replaced by the relocation of currently stored vehicles.
@RockstarGames the user prompt for deleting vehicles and each full garage should be replaced with relocation of currently stored vehicles. I want my once fully upgraded Vacca back I’m very disappointed and will recommend taking a long break from GTA updates if my car never returned please🤕
@RockstarGames is the user prompt for deleting vehicles in a full family garage should be replaced with more relocation of currently stored vehicles. I want my car back fully upgraded 2 Vacca back I ’ is m very well disappointed you and will be taking a long break from GTA five if my car later isn ’ t completely returned [UNK]
@RockstarGames the user manual for deleting vehicles in a full view could be replaced with relocation of currently stored vehicles. I give my car fully come Vacca back I’m deeply disappointed and will be on a long break from day five if my car fully returned please<unk>
@RockstarSupport  hi I'm a playstation 4 player and a for a few times now my money on gta 5 online has been wiped. I dont why but please can I have a rebalance.
"@ RockstarSupport hello I am a Playstation 4 player and for a few times my money has been deleted on gta 5 online. I do not know why
@ RockstarSupport hi I'm a playstation 4 player and a for a for a for a few times now my money on gta 5 online has been wiped. I dont why but please can I have a balance.
@RockstarSupport  hi I'm a playstation 4 player and a for a few times been making money on gta 5 systems has been stopped. I dont why but please can I have a rebalance.
@RockstarSupport hi I'm a 5 playstation 4 video player and a whore for a few times only now my money now on gta 5 online has been wiped. I really dont say why yes but please can I I have a rebalance.
@RockstarSupport hi I'm a playstation 4 player from a for a 10 months now my like on gta 5 online has been wiped. I dont think though please can just have a rebalance.
Damn ..
Damn..
Damn it.
Damn straight
... Damn..
Damn..
.  bro went fucking flying!! holy shit
Bro went flying damn!! holy shit
. bro went fucking flying!! holy shit
.  bro its fucking flying!! holy shit
. the bro went fucking hell flying!! holy shit
. bro went fucking flying!! holy damn
Heard this on GTA V radio... my fck so dirty and grimy . youtube.com/watch?v=rivFCw…
Listen to this on GTA V radio... my fck so dirty and dirty. youtube.com / watch? v = rivFCw...
Heard this on GTA V radio... my fck so dirty and grimy.
Heard this on GTA V radio... my fck IS dirty and grimy … youtube.com/watch?v=rivFCw…
s Heard this on air GTA V radio... my... fck so called dirty and grimy. Does youtube. leave com / watch? v = rivFCw …
Heard it all GTA satellite radio... my fck more dirty now grimy. youtube.com/watch?v=rivFCw...
"Speaking of GTA 4
"Speaking of GTA 4: My GTA 4 freezes randomly again
"As for GTA 4
"Speaking of GTA 4
"Speaking of GTA Number 4
"shots of GTA 4
"This game is a shambles
"This game is a mess
"This game is a shambles
"This game is a shambles
"This game is a shambles
"This game is a shambles
These GTA 5 niggas is TRASH
This GTA 5 Nigga is TRASH
These GTA 5 niggas is TRASH
These GTA 5 niggas is adorable
These GTA or 5 niggas is rated TRASH
the GTA 5 niggas is TRASH
My Xbox live account got suspended cause a kid I killed in GTA messaged me and called me a scrub and I messaged back “Ur Gay” lol
"My Xbox Live account was suspended because a kid I killed in GTA notified me and called me an exfoliant and I reported back ""Ur Gay
"My Xbox Live account has been suspended because the child I killed in GTA insulted me and called me a scrub and I returned ""Ur Gay"" lol"
My Xbox live account got suspended before a kid I killed in GTA messaged back and called me a scrub and I replied back “Ur Gay” lol
My Xbox Commons live account got suspended cause then a kid I killed in GTA 4 messaged me and she called me like a scrub and I messaged back “ Ur Gay e ” lol
My Xbox live account got suspended cause a kid I killed in GTA messaged over and called me a scrub and got messaged with “Ur<unk> lol
"BRO I JUST BOOTED UP GTA
"BRO I Just BOOTED UP GTA
"BRO I JUST BOOD UP GTA
"BRO I JUST BOOTED UP GTA
"BRO... I JUST AD BOOTED UP A GTA
"BRO I JUST BOOTED UP U
"@RockstarSupport can't join my mates lobbies in GTA V online on PC
"@ RockstarSupport can not participate in the lobbies of my colleagues in GTA V online on the PC
"@ RockstarSupport can't join my fellow lobbies in GTA V online on PC
"@RockstarSupport<unk> join my mates lobbies in GTA V online on PC
"@RockstarSupport can't join my mates who lobbies in this GTA V online shop on PC
"@RockstarSupport can't join my mates lobbies on GTA V or by PC
I don't enjoy any of the gta games.. I just dont fun them fun.
I don't enjoy any of the gta games.. I just don't enjoy them.
I don't enjoy any of the gta games.. I just dont fun them fun.
I don't enjoy either of the gta games.. I just dont fun them fun.
so I don't generally enjoy any other of the gta game games.. I just dont fun them fun.
I don't enjoy any of the gta games.. I really dont making<unk> fun.
This COD gon take long as hell to download 🤦. ‍.  I’m bout to just fuck wit GTA
This COD gon takes as long as hell to download. I am a struggle to just fuck with GTA
This COD GON will take a long time as hell to load... I'm just fucking off GTA
This COD gon take long as shit to download 🤦. ‍.  I’m bout to go fuck wit GTA
Now This COD has gon take long weeks as hell to download [UNK].. I really ’ m bout to just fuck wit GTA
This COD gon take long cold hell over download <unk>.. I’m bout to just fuck this GTA
"I swear bro GTA has made no innovations in their games. They've almost gon backwards to me.. . . Like San Andreas had the country
"I swear bro GTA has not made any innovations in their games. They almost went backwards to me... How San Andreas had the country
"They almost came back to me... Like San Francisco had a country
"I swear bro GTA has made no innovations in their games. They've almost gon nothing to me.... well San Andreas had the country
"I you swear bro GTA has made no radical innovations in promoting their games. They've almost gon backwards to warn me.... Just Like San Andreas had the country
"I swear bro GTA has made no innovations in recent games. They've almost gon backwards to me.... Like San Andreas had in country
I call bullshit. What is this Grand Theft Auto the video game? Grand theft Auto 2020
I call that bullshit. What is this Grand Theft Auto the video game? Grand theft Auto 2020
I call it bullshit. What is Grand Theft Auto video game? Grand Theft Auto 2020
I call bullshit. What is this Grand Prix Auto the video game? Grand theft Auto 2020
I call bullshit. What is this Grand Theft Auto... the video adventure game? Grand theft Ultimate Auto 2020
I call bullshit. What is this Grand Theft Auto the video saying? Grand Car Auto 2020
"I’ve been playing this game for seven years
"I've been playing this game for seven years
"I've been playing this game for seven years
"I’ve been playing this game for seven centuries
"While I ’ ve been playing this game for seven healthy years
"I’ve been playing a game for seven years
I’m mad Rockstar ain’t making a damn GTA 6 .  I mean ima get the PS5 and buy GTA again but like fuck . 
"I'm crazy
"I'm a crazy Rockstar doesn't make the hell of GTA 6. I mean
I’m mad Rockstar ain’t making a damn GTA 6.  I mean ima get the PS5 and buy GTA 5 but right :.
I man ’ m mad Rockstar ain ’ you t making a lucky damn GTA 6. I mean ima get the damned PS5 and go buy GTA again but look like fuck.
I’m mad Rockstar ain’t watching any damn GTA again. Sure wanna ima get the PS5 and buy GTA again but like fuck.
"my fucking gta arrests are worse than what the cop that lynched a black man on camera
"my damn gta arrests are worse than what the cop who lynched a black man on camera
"My fucking arrests are worse than the cop who got a black man caught on camera
"my fucking minor arrests are worse than being the cop that lynched a black man on camera
"my few fucking great gta arrests are no worse than taking what the cop that lynched a black man on camera
"my fucking gta cases are worse than where the cop out lynched a black man on camera
The entire country of Russia is a poorly programmed modded GTA game and you can't convince me otherwise
"The whole country of Russia is a poorly programmed
"The whole country of Russia is a programmed game of GTA
The entire landscape of Russia sucks a poorly programmed modded GTA game and you can't convince me otherwise
22 The entire country of revolutionary Russia today is a poorly programmed modded GTA game version and you can't convince me otherwise
The entire country to Romania is a poorly programmed modded GTA game and you can't convince anyone otherwise
Shut. It. All. Down.. This isn’t hard.
Shut. It. All. Down.. This is not difficult.
Shut. It. All. Down.. This isn't hard.
Shut. It. All. Out This isn’t hard.
Shut. It. All. Breaking Down.. This really isn ’ t just hard.
Shut. It.<unk>. Down.. This So hard.
gta has to be one of the worst non violent crimes to experience like i can’t imagine the wave of pain and stress of having someone take your whole shit w the charger spare napkins and sauces everything just poof gone
"It must be one of the worst violent crimes I have ever experienced
"gta must be one of the worst non-violent crimes to experience as I can't imagine the wave of pain and stress of someone taking all your shit from a charger
gta has to be one of the worst non violent crimes to experience like 1 can’t imagine the wave of dread and stress of having someone smash your whole shit w the charger spare napkins and your everything just poof gone
That gta has to probably be one of the worst non violent crimes ever to experience like i i can ’ t imagine the wave of of pain and stress of having once someone completely take down your whole shit w the charger spare napkins and disgusting sauces everything just poof gone
gta has just be one of at least non violent crimes to experience like i can’t imagine a wave of pain<unk> stress of having someone take your whole shit w the charger when napkins and sauces are just poof gone
@RockstarGames I’m a veteran of gta and have been for years  and  absolutely lov the game but you really really really need to sort your game out hard!!!!!
@ RockstarGames I am a veteran of gta and have been for years and absolutely lov the game but you really really really really need to sort your game hard!!!!!
"@ RockstarGames I'm a gta veteran and have been for years and absolutely lov games
@RockstarGames I’m a veteran of gta and have been for years  and  absolutely lov its format but you really really really need to knock your game out hard!!!!!
@RockstarGames I ’ m a good veteran of gta and to have only been for years together and absolutely lov the English game and but you really really good really guys need to sort your game out hard!!!!!
like I’m a expert on gta and have been for years and absolutely lov the game but you really guys really ought to sort your game out hard!!!!!
"@RockstarSupport I have an installation problem with GTA V. I finished downloading the game
"@ RockstarSupport I have an installation problem with GTA V. I finished downloading the game
"@ RockstarSupport I have a problem installing GTA V. I finished downloading the game
"@RockstarSupport I have an installation problems with GTA 3. I finished downloading the game
"@RockstarSupport I have an installation problem here with GTA V. Yeah I about finished downloading the game
"@RockstarSupport I have an installation problem with GTA V. After finished downloading the game
wha the fuck??? These blokes are nuts
What the hell??? These guys are crazy
What the fuck??? These blokes are nuts
wha the fuck??? These blokes going nuts
wha the fuck??? No These blokes are totally nuts
what the fuck??? These blokes are nuts
@PS5Console I'm getting tired of this I deleted everything from my playstation and this keeps on popping up and I wanna know why I did everything u guys provide me to do and this still comes up plz help me fix this problem I wanna play GTA already. STOP WHAT U DOING AND HELP ME!! pic.twitter.com/U4eFWTbtG6
@ PS5Console I am tired of that I have deleted everything from my playstation and this keeps popping up and I want to know why I have done everything u guys provide me with and this still comes plz help to fix this issue I want to play GTA already. STOP WHAT U DOING AND HELP ME!! pic.twitter.com / U4eFWTbtG6
@ PS5Console I'm getting tired of this I deleted everything from my playstation and this keeps on popping up and I wanna know why I did everything u guys provide me to do and this still comes up plz help me fix this problem I wanna play GTA already.
RhandlerR I'm getting tired of this I deleted everything from my playstation and this keeps on popping up and I wanna know why I did everything u guys provide me to do and this still comes up plz help me fix this problem I wanna play GTA already. STOP WHAT U DOING AND HELP ME!! pic.twitter.com/U4eFWTbtG6
The RhandlerR I'm getting tired of this I deleted everything from my playstation and this keeps on popping up and I wanna know why I did everything u guys provide me to do and this still comes up plz help me fix this problem I wanna play GTA already. STOP WHAT U DOING AND HELP ME!! pic.twitter.com/U4eFWTbtG6
with
then there’s me who already worked they way up 3 years ago and now gta v just boring and stale
"then there is me
then there's me who already worked they way up 3 years ago and now gta v just boring and stale
then follow me who already worked they way up 3 years ago and now i v just boring and stale
then there ’ s me who already worked they pay way back up 3 years ago and now gta v me just boring it and stale
then there’s me who already worked they way up 3 so on and now gta look just boring and stale
Azumanga Daioh and GTA Vice City ruined an entire generation of men
Azumanga Daioh and GTA Vice City ruined an entire generation of men
Absolute Daioh and GTA Vice City have killed an entire generation of men
Azumanga Daioh said GTA Vice City ruined an entire generation of men
So Azumanga Daioh and his GTA Vice City has ruined an entire generation of men
Azumanga Daioh and GTA Vice City ruined two awesome generation of men
i ain’t playing GTA no more that shit done 4.
I don't play GTA any more.
i ain't playing GTA no more that shit done 4.
i ain’t playing GTA no more that you done 4.
But i ain ’ t playing the GTA no more that shit done 4.
i ain’t in GTA anymore more that shit done 4.
"Welp
"Welp
"Welp
"Welp
"PC Welp
a
.  I hate that shit
I hate this shit.
I hate that shit
.  I loved that shit
. I hate saying that shit
. just hate that shit
Worst thing to ever come out in Gta history
The worst thing ever in GTA history
Worst thing ever to come out in the history of GTA
Worst thing to ever happen out in Gta history
Worst possible thing to actually ever come out in Gta history
Worst documentary to ever come out in Gta history
the fact that nothing is opening back up in the gta is a SCAM .  im so mad
The fact that nothing is happening in the gta is a bugbear.
The fact that nothing is revealed in the gta is SCAM.
the fact that nothing is opening back up in a gta is a SCAM.  im so mad
the stark fact that nothing new is worth opening back up again in the gta is a SCAM. im so mad
the shit that nothing is opening back up in the gta simply absolutely SCAM. im so mad
Bitch fuck you
Slut fuck you
Bitch fuck you
Bitch rates you
Bitch fuck did you
Bitch fuck the
Some GTA shit
A bit of GTA shit
Some GTA shit
Some GTA achievements
Some classic GTA shit
you GTA shit
Holy shit
Holy shit
Holy crap
Holy Trinity
Holy shit shit
Holy Hol
We the real “chicken got it” on some GTA shit
"We
"We
We the real gamers got it” on some GTA shit
We the real “ red chicken got it ” on... some GTA shit
We the real “chicken got up on what GTA shit
@RockstarGames I am trying to get GTA 5 working but it says I can't make a social club account and I can't access support without logging in a social club account. What is happening?
"@ RockstarGames I'm trying to get GTA 5 up and running
"@ RockstarGames I'm trying to make GTA 5 work
@RockstarGames I am trying to get GTA 5 working but it says I can't make a social club account and friends can't get support without logging in via social club listing. What is happening?
@RockstarGames I am trying to possibly get to GTA 5 working but it says I totally can'0 t make a social club account and I can't even access social support without logging in a social club club access account. What is happening?
@RockstarGames I am tried to get GTA Support working but it says I can't make any social club account and I can't find support without logging in a social club user. How is happening?
Trevor's driving skills are mad
Trevor's driving skills are crazy
Trezeguet's driving skills are crazy
Trevor's Twitter skills are mad
Trevor'′ s driving skills are mad
Trevor's survival skills are mad
Having no money on gta is a fuckin waste of time
Having no money for gta is a damn waste of time
Lack of money for gta is a waste of time
Having no money on gta is a fuckin wasting of time
Having no money on me gta is a fuckin waste of spare time
put no money on gta is a fuckin stretch of time
Rockstar making so much money of shark cards they not finna stop doing that shit we never getting GTA 6
Rockstar makes so much money with shark cards that they don't stop making this shit we never get GTA 6
Rockstar makes so much money on the cards of sharks that they never stop doing the crap we never get GTA 6
Rockstar making so much art of shark cards they not finna they doing that shit we never getting GTA 6
Rockstar making them so much money of shark cards they not finna stop again doing that shit we never getting in GTA March 6
they making really good money of shark cards they not finna stop doing that shit we never getting GTA 6
@RockstarGames how the hell is gta online STILL this fucking broken???
@ RockstarGames how the hell is gta online STILL this damn broken???
@ RockstarGames how the hell is GTA online STILL this fucking broken???
@RockstarGames how the hell is Firefox online STILL this fucking broken???
@RockstarGames how the hell is you gta online thing STILL this stupid fucking swing broken???
@RockstarGames how absolute hell gets gta online STILL this fucking broken???
Only roll play yo we're tired where the fuck is GTA VI ???
"Just role playing yo we are tired
Only roll play yo we're tired where the fuck is GTA VI???
Only roll play yo so tired where the fuck is GTA VI???
Only I roll e play yo think we're tired where the fuck is GTA VI???
Only roll play yo I're tired where the fuck is X VI???
LMFAOOOOOO GTA SHIT
LMFAOOOOOO GTA SHIT
"LMOOO ""GTA SHIT"""
LMFAOOOOOO GTA **
22 LMFAOOOOOO GTA THE SHIT
LMFAOOOOOO GTA I
Oh shit I got 1 day to finish this fuk
"Oh shit
Oh shit I got 1 day to finish this fuk
Oh shit I got one day to finish this fuk
» Oh shit I got 1 day to get finish this fuk
Oh shit Only got 1 day to finish this fuk
"Guys
"Guys
"Guys
"Guys
"All Guys
"Guys
And no remastered version for xbox one x disgusting
And no revamped version for xbox one x disgusting
And no version for xbox is repulsive
And no remastered version for xbox and x disgusting
And no further remastered CD version for xbox one x disgusting
And no remastered version for xbox one x 4
"Aswr the bastard can’t shoot the targets
"Aswr the bastard can't shoot the targets
Making sure I can't shoot at targets even when I carry five
"Aswr the bastard can’t see the targets
"I Aswr the bastard can ’ a t shoot off the targets
"Aswr<unk> bastard can’t shoot set targets
This is fucked up cause it’s true. . 
"That's a damn thing
It's fucking because it's true...
This is fucked up cause be true..
This is really fucked shit up cause it ’ s true..
This is backing up cause it’s true..
For real I hated those stupid cops.. 
"In fact
I really hate these stupid cops.
For real I trust those stupid cops..
For real I have hated those stupid cops..
For real I blame those stupid cops..
Wtf is going onnnnn . 
Wtf will onnnnn.
Wtf is going to go public.
Wtf is going onnnnn<unk>
Wtf everything is going onnnnn.
hell is going onnnnn.
"I liked GTA ok til I went to pet a cute cat and the character stomped it to death instead .  I didn’t mean to kill you
I liked GTA ok until I stroked a cute cat and the character stomped her to death instead.
I liked GTA until I went to stroke the cute cat and the character trampled her to death instead.
"I liked GTA ok til I went to pet a cute wolf when the character stomped it to death instead.  I didn’t need to kill you
"I even liked GTA ok good til I went to pet me a cute cat and the character stomped it to death instead. I didn ’ if t mean just to kill poor you
"kids liked GTA ok til I went to pet a cute cat and the girls choked her to death instead. I didn’t mean to attack you
how come there is literally nothing cute in gta online no cute cars no cute clothing no cute anything they dont even have matte pink for the car color they only have a gross pink
"How is it that there is literally nothing cute in gta online
how to come there is literally nothing cute in GTA online no cute cars no cute clothes no cute anything they don't even have matte pink car color they only have gross pink
how come there is literally nothing cute in gta it no cute cars no cute clothing no cute anything they dont even have matte pink its the car color they basically have a gross pink
how to come there is literally nothing cute only in gta online no cute cars no cute clothing no cute anything they dont even have matte black pink for the car color and they do only have being a near gross pink
how come there is literally nothing cute in gta online no cute cars zero cute clothing no cute everything they dont even have matte pink for the skin color instead only use a gross pink
@RockstarGames I am done with your game GTA 5 you have just stolen another 2 cars from me first it was my progen pr4 now it’s my Komoda and my sultan classic day am done you either return all 3 of my cars or i will uninstalling your game
@ RockstarGames I am finished with your game GTA 5 you just stole another 2 cars from me first it was my progen pr4 now it is my komoda and my sultan classic day I am finished you either all 3 of my cars or I will uninstall your game
@ RockstarGames I finished with your GTA 5 game you just stole 2 more cars from me first it was my progen pr4 now it's my Komoda and my sultan classic day is over you will either return all 3 of my cars or I will delete your game
@RockstarGames I am disgusted with your game GTA 5 you have just released another 2 cars with me first there was my progen pr4 now it’s my Komoda and my Mercedes classic day am done you either return all 3 of my cars or i will uninstalling yr game
Dear @RockstarGames I am done with your game now GTA GT 5 and you have already just stolen another 2 cars from me At first or it he was you my progen pr4 1 now it ’ s my Komoda and my sultan classic day am done you either return all 3 of my cars or i will uninstalling your game
say I am done destroying your new GTA 5 you have just stolen another 2 cars from my says it was my progen a now is my Komoda and my sultan classic day am done you either return the 3 of my cars or i will fix your game
@RockstarSupport I keep having connection problems with gta 5 online on the ps4 and it’s not my internet.
@ RockstarSupport I keep having connection problems with gta 5 online on PS4 and it's not my internet.
@ RockstarSupport I continue to experience problems connecting to gta 5 online on 4th and it's not my internet.
@RockstarSupport I keep having connection problems with gta 5 online on the phones and it’s not the internet.
T @RockstarSupport I keep having connection problems with Google gta 5 online on the ps4 and it ’ u s all not my particular internet.
@RockstarSupport I AM having connection problems with gta<unk> and on 8 ps4 and it’s not my internet.
Gtfo . 

Gtb.
Gtfo ord
10 Gtfo.
<unk>.
What type of GTA V bullshit is this pic.twitter.com/uos6hkyP2q
What a GTA V bullshit this is pic.twitter.com / uos6hkyP2q
What type of GTA V bullshit this pic.fm / uos6hkyP2q
What type of GTA V bullshit is this pic.twitter.com/uos6hkyP2q
In What type of GTA V bullshit is this pic.twitter.com/uos6hkyP2q
of
i wonder if GTA made lil 10 yr olds wanna be killers when they grew up
I wonder if GTA turned lil 10-year-olds into killers when they grew up
i wonder if GTA made lil 10 yr olds wanna be killers when they grew up
i wonder if GTA made lil 10 yr olds wanna be killers when they grown up
i wonder if GTA made lil 10 yr olds wanna be a killers again when they still grew up
i wonder where GTA made lil 10 yr olds wanna be killers because they grew down
GTA wouldn’t work in Smash for multiple reasons.. . The locations are real world cities. The characters and themes are too adult-oriented. The series is lacking in original music beyond a few main themes.. . Red Dead Redemption would work though. More original music and less crass.
"GTA wouldn't work in Smash for several reasons... The locations are real world cities
"GTA will not work in Smash for several reasons... The locations are real-world cities. The characters and themes are too adult-oriented. The series lacks original music
GTA wouldn’t work in Smash for multiple reasons... The locations are real world cities. The characters and themes sound too adult-oriented. The series is lacking in original elements beyond a few main themes... Brave Bull Redemption would work better. More original music and less action.
GTA wouldn don ’ t work in Smash for multiple reasons... different The setting locations itself are real world cities. The certain characters and themes are too adult - oriented. The original series is lacking little in original music beyond a few main themes... of Red Dead Redemption would work though. More from original music and way less crass.
Heart wouldn’t work in Smash Story 2 reasons... The locations are real world cities. The characters basic themes are too adult-oriented. The series is lacking in original music beyond a few main themes... Cold Dead Blues would work because. Some positive lyrics and less crass.
damnnnn . 
Damn it.
damnn.
damnnnn ng
Oh damnnnn.
I.
"There is no escape from this cursed land. You keep on living in this shithole. Everywhere you go
"There is no escape from this cursed land. You live on in this shithole. Everywhere you go
"Wherever you go
"There is no escape through this cursed land. You keep on living in this shithole. Everywhere you go
"There is no escape now from this cursed land. You keep focusing on living in this endless shithole. As Everywhere you may go
"There is no release from a cursed land. You go on living in this hell. Everywhere you go
Imma be mad as hell if the next GTA in Chicago bro
Imma be mad as hell when the next GTA comes to Chicago bro
Imma will go crazy as hell if the next GTA is in Chicago bro
Imma be mad as hell if the next GTA in shitty bro
Imma would be mad as hell if at the next GTA was in Chicago bro
<unk> be mad as fuck if the next GTA in Chicago bro
"Between the constant crashes on Red Dead 2 and the modders and errors on GTA V
"Between the constant crashes on Red Dead 2 and the modders and bugs on GTA V
"Between the constant convulsions on Red Dead 2 and the modders and bugs on GTA V
"Between the constant crashes on Red Dead 2 and the glitches and errors on GTA V
"Between the constant crashes on Dirty Red Dead 2 and undoubtedly the occasional modders and errors left on GTA V
"given you constant garbage on Red Dead 2 and the modders and errors on GTA V
"If GTA 6 is anywhere near the quality and scale of RDR2
"If GTA 6 is even close to the quality and scope of RDR2
"If GTA 6 is anywhere near the quality and scale of RDR2
"If GTA V is anywhere near the quality and scale of RDR2
"If GTA 6 is anywhere near the ideal quality and scale of RDR2
"If GTA 6 was anywhere near the ambition and scale of iOS
Bro fuck madden 21 why does the game modes never work @EAMaddenNFL @EA can Raidernation329 on Xbox 1 get my refund please y’all been around for this long and still dealing with the same bs bugs get it together $60 every year is ridiculous if I can’t load in
Bro fuck madden 21 Why do the game modes never work @ EAMaddenNFL @ EA can Raidernation329 on Xbox 1 get my refund please y'all this has been around so long and still with the same bs bugs get it together $60 every year is ridiculous when i can't load in
Bro fuck madden 21 why does the game modes never work @ EAMaddenNFL @ EA can Raidernation329 on Xbox 1 get my refund please y'all been around for this long and still dealing with the same bs bugs get it together $60 every year is incredible if I can't load in
Bro fuck madden 21 why does english game modes never work @EAMaddenNFL @EA # Raidernation329 any Xbox 1 get double refund please y’all been around for this long and still dealing with the same bs bugs put it together $60 every year is ridiculous if I can’t cash in
Bro fuck madden 21 guys why now does the game modes that never work @EAMaddenNFL @EA can Raidernation329 on Xbox 1 get us my refund please y ’ all here been around for this great long and still dealing with the same bs run bugs I get by it together $ 60 every year is ridiculous if really I can ’ t load in
as fuck madden 21 times does the game modes never work @EAMaddenNFL @EA can Raidernation329 the Xbox One give my refund please y’all been playing for this long and nobody dealing with the download bs bugs get it together $60 your year is ridiculous if I can’t load in
"@EAMaddenNFL @EASPORTS_MUT @Muthead Why is there still no jadeveon Clowney in Ultimate team. No power up
"@ EAMaddenNFL @ EASPORTS _ MUT @ Muthead Why is there still no Jadeveon Clowney on the Ultimate Team? No power up
"@ EAMaddenNFL @ EASPORTS _ MUT @ Muthead Why is there still no Javen Clowney on the Ultimate team. No power
"@EAMaddenNFL @EASPORTS_MUT<unk> Why is a still no jadeveon Clowney in Ultimate team. No power up
"@EAMaddenNFL J @EASPORTS_MUT A @Muthead Why and is there still no jadeveon Clowney in an Ultimate team. No power light up
"@EAMaddenNFL @EASPORTS_MUT @Muthead The is<unk> still no jadeveon Clowney in Ultimate team. No team up
He @EASPORTS_MUT @EAMaddenNFL how am I supposed to win games when stuff like this happens? pic.twitter.com/eOCtS5mKYL
Hey @ EASPORTS _ MUT @ EAMaddenNFL How am I supposed to win games when something like this happens? pic.twitter.com / eOCtS5mKYL
He's @ EASPORTS _ MUT @ EAMaddenNFL how should I win games when such things happen? pic.fm / eOCtS5mKYL
He RhandlerR RhandlerR how am I supposed to win games when stuff like this happens? pic.twitter.com/eOCtS5mKYL
C He RhandlerR RhandlerR how am I supposed to win games when stuff like this happens? pic.twitter.com/eOCtS5mKYL
us
@EA @EAMaddenNFL apparently my last name of Moore is profane
@ EA @ EAMaddenNFL apparently my last name from Moore is profane
@ EA @ EAMaddenNFL apparently my surname Moore is obscene
@EA @EAMaddenNFL apparently my last name of dogs is profane
PR @EA @EAMaddenNFL apparently my last name of Ryan Moore is less profane
@EA @EAMaddenNFL apparently Christian last name of Chris is profane
QBs are dumb WRs are even dumber in this game. What are you on about
QBs are dumb WRs that are even dumber in this game.
QBs are dumb WRs even dumber in this game.
QBs are boring WRs are even dumber in this game. What are you on about
QBs are for dumb WRs that are even dumber people in this game.... What are you on about
<unk> are terrible WRs are even dumber for this game. What are you on about
Lol man @EAMaddenNFL y’all screwed @ryantannehill1 on here 100%
Lol man @ EAMaddenNFL y'all screwed @ ryantannehill1 on here 100%
Lol man @ EAMaddenNFL y'all screwed @ ryantanfill1 on here 100%
Lol man @EAMaddenNFL y’all screwed @ryantannehill1 down here 100%
Lol man on @EAMaddenNFL real y ’ I all screwed @ryantannehill1 on here 100 %
Lol man have y’all screwed @EAMaddenNFL on the 100%
@EAMaddenNFL is prolly the most GARBAGE game I've ever played. Absolutely ZERO skill gap and bums can beat you with rolling right cross body 50 yard left throws. Why do we pay $60 every fucking year to play this garbage? It's the same fucking game EVERY year.
@ EAMaddenNFL is probably the GARBAGE game I've ever played. Absolutely ZERO skill gap and bums can beat you with rolling right ricochets and 50 yard left throws. Why do we pay $60 every damn year to play this garbage? It's EVERY year the same damn game.
@ EAMaddenNFL is prolly the most GARBAGE game I've ever played. Absolutely ZERO skills gap and bumps can beat you with rolling right cross body 50 yard left throws. Why do we pay $60 every fucking year to play this garage? It's the same fucking game EVERY year.
@EAMaddenNFL is prolly its most GARBAGE team I've ever played. Absolutely ZERO skill gap and bums can beat you with long right cross body 50 yard touchdown throws. Why do we pay $60 every fucking year to play this garbage? It's the same fuck game EVERY year.
@EAMaddenNFL is prolly the 7th most GARBAGE game I've ever played. Absolutely ZERO skill gap and the bums can definitely beat even you with rolling right cross body 50 yard left throws. Why do the we pay $ 60 every fucking year to... play off this old garbage? It's the same fucking math game EVERY every year.
@EAMaddenNFL is prolly the ONLY GARBAGE game I've ever played. Absolutely ZERO skill gap little bums can beat you with his right cross body 50 yard shooting shoulder. Why do we pay $60 every fucking year and play this garbage? It's my same fucking garbage EVERY December.
This looks fucking trash lmao
This looks damn rubbish lmao
It looks like a heck of a lmao trash
This looks plain trash lmao
This looks fucking trash a lmao
This damn fucking trash lmao
@EAMaddenNFL you guys are a damn joke!!!
@ EAMaddenNFL you are a damn joke!!!
@ EAMaddenNFL you guys are a damn joke!!!
@EAMaddenNFL you guys are on damn joke!!!
@EAMaddenNFL you four guys are playing a damn joke!!!
@EAMaddenNFL The guys are a damn joke!!!
@EAMaddenNFL lmao i think there’s something wrong with the awards pic.twitter.com/Pr7oBXwQX9
@ EAMaddenNFL lmao I think there's something wrong with the awards pic.twitter.com / Pr7oBXwQX9
@ EAMaddenNFL lmao i think there's something wrong with the awards pic.facebook.com / Pr7oBXwQX9
RhandlerR lmao i think there’s something wrong with the awards pic.twitter.com/Pr7oBXwQX9
see RhandlerR lmao i think there’s something wrong with the awards pic.twitter.com/Pr7oBXwQX9
it
 
It is not the first time that the EU Commission has taken such a step.
"At the same time



@EAMaddenNFL is there a reason OFFLINE franchise lags so much? Every play skips and good luck kicking a extra point. Shouldn’t a OFFLINE MODE have 0 input lag? Please patch this... 
"@ EAMaddenNFL
@ EAMaddenNFL is there a reason why the OFF is so far behind? Every game misses and luck kicks in an extra point. Should the OFF not have 0 entries? Please correct this...
@EAMaddenNFL is there a reason OFFLINE input lags so much? Every play skips and no luck kicking a field point. Shouldn’t a OFFLINE MODE have 0 input lag? Please patch please
@EAMaddenNFL is is there a specific reason OFFLINE franchise lags so much? Every professional play skips and thinks good luck kicking a little extra level point. Shouldn on ’ t only a random OFFLINE MODE have their 0 input lag? Please patch this...
@EAMaddenNFL is there other reason OFFLINE franchise lags so much? Every times better then good luck kicking a extra point. Did a OFFLINE MODE have 0 input lag? Please clarify that...
No way madden @EAMaddenNFL y’all see this???? Fix the game
No way madden @ EAMaddenNFL y'all see this???? Fix the game
No way madden @ EAMaddenNFL y'all see this??? Fix the game
No way madden @EAMaddenNFL y’all see this???? Fix the NFL
No way to madden us @EAMaddenNFL y You ’ all could see this???? Fix the game
or man madden will y’all see this???? Fix the game
y'all gotta stop reporting on this shit as if it means anything lmao
Everybody needs to stop reporting this shit as if it means anything lmao
y'all gstop reporting on this shit as if it means anything lmao
y'all gotta stop reporting on petty shit as if it means anything lmao
y'all gotta say stop reporting out on this shit tomorrow as if it means anything lmao
y'all seriously stop reporting on this shit as though it means anything lmao
"@EAMaddenNFL y’all have to fix the stupid H2H gameplay
"@ EAMaddenNFL y'all have to fix the stupid H2H gameplay
"@ EAMaddenNFL y'all have to fix the stupid H2H gameplay
"@EAMaddenNFL y’all ought to fix the stupid H2H gameplay
"With @EAMaddenNFL y ’ all men have to constantly fix the stupid H2H gameplay
"@EAMaddenNFL y’all have any excuse the stupid team gameplay
Fuck @EAMaddenNFL  support team horribleeeeeeeee service am better off talking sigh language
Fuck @ EAMaddenNFL support team horribleeeeeeeeeee service I'm better off speaking sigh language
Fuck @ EAMaddenNFL support team horrobleeeeeeeee service am better from talking sigh language
Fuck @EAMaddenNFL <unk> team horribleeeeeeeee service am better off talking sigh language
Fuck sure @EAMaddenNFL support my team horribleeeeeeeee This service am better off talking sigh language
Fuck @EAMaddenNFL support<unk> Customer service am better you talking sigh language
Cowboys 8-8 = 83. Eagles 1 and done = 83. Saints 1 and done = 85. Chiefs Superbowl champs = 82. . Nevermind gameplay EA.... . YOU CANT EVEN GET THIS CRAP RIGHT @EAMaddenNFL
Cowboys 8-8 = 83rd Eagles 1 and done = 83rd Saints 1 and done = 85th Chiefs Superbowl champs = 82nd Nevermind gameplay EA..... YOU CAN RIGHT THIS POWER @ EAMaddenNFL
Cowboys 8-8 = 83. Eagles 1 and did = 83. Saints 1 and did = 85. Chamberlain Superbowl = 82. Neverming gameplay EA..... YOU CANT EVEN GET THE CRAP RIGHT @ EAMaddenNFL
Cowboys 8-8 = 83. Eagles 4 and done = 83. Saints 1 and done = 85. Chiefs Superbowl champs = 82. **** Nevermind IF …. YOU CANT EVEN GET THIS CRAP RIGHT @EAMaddenNFL
Cowboys 8 - 8 = 1973 83. Eagles sides 1 and done = 83. → Saints teams 1 and done = 1987 85. Chiefs Superbowl playoffs champs = 82.. Nevermind Games gameplay EA..... OH YOU CANT NO EVEN GET THIS CRAP 7 RIGHT @EAMaddenNFL
Cowboys are-8 = 83. Packers 1 and lead = 83. Saints 1 and left = 85. Chiefs Superbowl champs = 82..<unk> gameplay EA..... YOU CANT EVEN GET THIS THIS<unk> BY
 . @EAMaddenNFL . . Wow can't play the game due to this bug... pic.twitter.com/xn7Grq4L6i
. @ EAMaddenNFL.. Wow can't play the game due to this bug... pic.twitter.com / xn7Grq4L6i
. @ EAMaddenNFL.. Wow can't play the game due to this bug... pic.fm / xn7Grq4L6i
 . RhandlerR . . Wow can't play the game due to this bug... pic.twitter.com/xn7Grq4L6i
2011  . RhandlerR . . Wow can't play the game due to this bug... pic.twitter.com/xn7Grq4L6i
I
@EAMaddenNFL giive me my money back. Your game is broken..  yall are fucking thieves!!!
@ EAMaddenNFL give me my money back. Your game is broken.. everyone is fucking thieves!!!
@ EAMaddenNFL give me my money back. Your game is broken.. yall are fucking faves!!!
@EAMaddenNFL giive me my money back. The game is broken..  yall your fucking thieves!!!
@EAMaddenNFL was giive me my dead money... back. Your poker game is broken.. yall are fucking white thieves!!!
@EAMaddenNFL giive<unk> my trump card. Your game is broken.. yall are fucking thieves!!!
"GIVE @2K THE ABILITIES TO MAKE SIM FOOTBALL GAMES NOW! EFF THAT CONTRACT. @EAMaddenNFL Y'ALL HAVE SWINDLED US ENOUGH! @NFL TELL THEM TO GIVE IT UP
"Enter @ 2K THE ABILITIES TO MAKE SIM FOOTBALL GAMES NOW! EFF THAT CONTRACT. @ EAMaddenNFL Y'ALL HAVE SWINDLED US ENOUGH! @ NFL SELL THEM TO GIVE IT UP
"GIVE @ 2K THE ABILITES TO MAKE SIM FOMBALL GAMES NOW! EFF THAT CONTRACT. @ EAMaddenNFL Y'ALL HAVE SWINDUS ENOUD! @ NFL TELL TO GIVE IT UP
"GIVE IT THE ABILITIES TO MAKE SIM FOOTBALL TEST NOW! EFF THAT CONTRACT. @2K D'ALL HAVE SWINDLED US ENOUGH! @EAMaddenNFL TELL THEM TO GIVE IT DOWN
"GIVE @2K THE ME ABILITIES TO MAKE SIM FOOTBALL GAMES GO NOW! EFF THAT CONTRACT. TO @EAMaddenNFL A Y'ALL HAVE SWINDLED US ENOUGH! YOU @NFL TELL THEM TO GIVE IT IT B UP
"<unk> @2K THE ABILITIES TO AS SIM FOOTBALL GAMES NOW! EFF THAT CONTRACT. Since Y'ALL HAVE SWINDLED US ENOUGH! But realize THAT TO GIVE A UP
@EAMaddenNFL yall really think my last name is profane? I cant use my own last name in The Yard??!! What is profane about “Crossett” . 
"@ EAMaddenNFL yall really think my surname is profane? I can't use my own surname in The Yard??!! What's profane about ""Crossett."""
"@ EAMaddenNFL yall really think my family is profane? I cant use my own family in The Yard??! What is profane about ""Festitt."""
@EAMaddenNFL yall really think my last name is profane? I cant read my own legal name in The Yard??!! Whatever is profane about “Crossett”.
@EAMaddenNFL yall really think my exact last name is not profane? I cant please use my own last name in At The Court Yard??!! And What is profane about “ Matthew Crossett a ”.
@EAMaddenNFL yall really think my street name is profane? I cant use an old street name in The Yard??!! What something profane besides “Crossett”.
@EAMaddenNFL  do you guys even watch the actual game? Your ratings are trash af. Get @_TJWatt in that 90 club before release smh. @minkfitz_21 and Steven Nelson as well.
"@ EAMaddenNFL
@ EAMaddenNFL do you guys even watch the actual game? Your ratings are trash af. Get @ _ TJWatt in that 90 club before release smh. @ minkfitz _ 21 and Steven Nelson as well.
@EAMaddenNFL  do NOT actually even watch the whole game? Your ratings are trash af. Get @_TJWatt in that 90 club before release smh. @minkfitz_21 insulted Steven Nelson as well.
End @EAMaddenNFL But do you guys even all watch the same actual game? Your ratings are still trash af. Get away @_TJWatt in almost that 90 percent club before release smh. @minkfitz_21 Jeff and Steven Nelson as well.
@EAMaddenNFL will you still even support the other game? Your ratings are trash af. Get @_TJWatt in that 90 club before release smh. suck and Steven Nelson as an.
Disrespectful. Plain and simple.
"Disrespectful
Disgusting. Indifferent and simple.
Disrespectful. Full and simple.
Disrespectful. ″ Plain and deadly simple.
Disrespectful. Plain and true.
@EAMaddenNFL  give us the yellow Chiefs endzone that's featured in this year's Superbowl pretty pretty please
"@ EAMaddenNFL give us the yellow Chiefs end zone
"@ EAMaddenNFL give us the yellow Chandler
@EAMaddenNFL  give us the yellow Chiefs endzone that's featured into this year's Superbowl pretty soon please
@EAMaddenNFL give us the yellow Baltimore Chiefs endzone that've s featured in something this new year'd s Superbowl pretty pretty please
@EAMaddenNFL give us the yellow Chiefs endzone that's featured during that year's video pretty pretty please
@EAMaddenNFL @EASPORTS_MUT just ignore all the regular complaints about the game all year then comes on Twitter to say how proud of the TOTAL user base of madden 20 like a jackass. Makes no sense EA staff aren’t demanding a RAGE like game engine.
@ EAMaddenNFL @ EASPORTS _ MUT just ignores all the regular complaints about the game all year and then comes on Twitter to say how proud of the TOTAL user base of Crazy 20 like a Jackass. It doesn't make sense that EA employees aren't calling for a RAGE-like game engine.
@ EAMaddenNFL @ EASPORTS _ MUT just ignores all the regular complaints about the game all year round and then takes to Twitter to say how proud of TAL's user base of 20 million like jackals.
@EAMaddenNFL @EASPORTS_MUT just ignore all the regular complaints about the servers all year then comes on Twitter to say how proud of the TOTAL user base of madden sounds like a jackass. Makes infinite sense the staff aren’t demanding a RAGE like controller engine.
@EAMaddenNFL @EASPORTS_MUT just ignore all the regular complaints about the game all year then also comes on private Twitter to say how their proud of the current TOTAL user base kind of madden 20 like a jackass. Makes no sense EA game staff aren not ’ the t demanding on a RAGE like game and engine.
@EAMaddenNFL @EASPORTS_MUT just ignore all the regular complaints about the Xbox for year then comes on Twitter to say why awesome is the TOTAL user base of madden 20 like a jackass. But no wonder EA staff aren’t demanding a PSP like game and.
@EAMaddenNFL what is up with this desync error like I can’t even play the game I bought with my own money like come on ea
"@ EAMaddenNFL
@ EAMaddenNFL what is up with this desync error like I can't even play the game I bought with my own money like come on ea
@EAMaddenNFL V is up with this desync error like I can’t even play the game I bought with zero life money like come on ea
@EAMaddenNFL what is so up with this desync and error like I can ’ t even play the game if I bought with my middle own good money like come one on ea
@EAMaddenNFL ever comes up with this desync error like I can’t even play your game I bought with your own money like come on ea
@EAMaddenNFL  this games ass . 
@ EAMaddenNFL this game ass.
@ EAMaddenNFL this game is a ass.
@EAMaddenNFL . games ass.
@EAMaddenNFL... this games ass.
@EAMaddenNFL my games ass.
Lamar Jackson is OP as hell in solos... .   
Lamar Jackson is hell in solos....
Lamar Jackson is like hell in a solo...
Lamar Jackson is OP as hell doing solos....
Lamar Jackson is OP as goes hell in two solos....
Jesse Jackson is OP go hell in solos....
@EAMaddenNFL  FIX YOUR GAME AND YOUR SERVERS BECAUSE THERE IS DO MUCH BUGS ITS UNPLAYABLE.
"@ EAMaddenNFL FIX YOUR GAME AND YOUR SERVER
@ EAMaddenNFL FIX YOUR GAME AND YOUR SERVERS BECAUSE THERE IS DO MUCH BUGS ITS INPLAYABLE.
@EAMaddenNFL  FIX YOUR GAME AND YOUR SYSTEM BECAUSE THERE IS DO MUCH OR ITS UNPLAYABLE.
@EAMaddenNFL FIX YOUR THE GAME AND IS YOUR WHO SERVERS TO BECAUSE and THERE IS I DO MUCH TO BUGS or ITS UNPLAYABLE.
@EAMaddenNFL FIX<unk> GAME IN YOUR FOR BECAUSE IT IS HOW MUCH BUGS ITS UNPLAYABLE.
@EAMaddenNFL Please in this next update y’all tune the Eagles line down. They were not like this in the season!!!! Makes the game not fun when you can just put on chew clock and run behind 4 stars
@ EAMaddenNFL Please in this next update y'all tune the Eagles line down. They haven't been that way this season!!!! Don't enjoy the game when you can just put on a chew watch and run after 4 stars
@ EAMaddenNFL Please in this next update y'all tune the Eagles line down. They were not like this in the season!!! Makes the game not fun when you can just put on chew clock and run behind 4 stars
@EAMaddenNFL Please in this play update y’all tune the Eagles line down. They were not like this in the early Makes the game not fun when you can just put on chew clock and run with your stars
@EAMaddenNFL Please log in for this next update y ’ above all go tune the Eagles line down. They were not like at this in the same season!!!! Makes running the game not fun when you can just... put on the chew clock and run behind 4 stars
@EAMaddenNFL Please in this next update y’all tune<unk> bass line better. They were not like that in the season!!!! Makes the game not fun so you can just stay on chew clock or run behind 4 stars
No fucking way... is DHop a 103 rating?
No fucking way... is DHop a 103 rating?
"No
No fucking way... is DHop PG 103 rating?
No fucking flipping way... is DHop a rated 103 rating?
No fucking shit... is DHop a 103 rating?
@EAMaddenNFL whoever made it so that all madden makes you unlucky instead of more difficult should be fired
"@ EAMaddenNFL Whoever made it happen that anything crazy makes you unlucky
"@ EAMaddenNFL ever made all the maddenas make you unhappy
@EAMaddenNFL whoever made it so that all madden makes you easier instead of more difficult should be rich
Thomas @EAMaddenNFL whoever made it so that all madden still makes you unlucky instead of more truly difficult should it be fired
@EAMaddenNFL whoever made it so that anything madden makes you unlucky instead of anything difficult must be fired
@EAMaddenNFL @Gutfoxx @itsdomyoutube @Zirksee @GmiasWorld @EA_KRAELO someone please help!!!! I think my account has been hacked! Why would I post Franco for 75k less than what’s he’s worth while his price is going up and on top of that why tf would I pay 700k for a 400k card?!? pic.twitter.com/F55hNTiaTr
"@ EAMaddenNFL @ Gutfoxx @ itsdomyoutube @ Zirksee @ GmiasWorld @ EA _ KRAELO someone please help!!!! I think my account has been hacked! Why would I post Franco for 75k less than he's worth while his price is rising
"@ EAMaddenNFL @ foxfoxfoxfo @ itsdomyoutube @ GmiasWorld @ EA _ KELO someone please help!!! I think my account has been hacked! Why would I give Franco 75
RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR someone please help!!!! I think my account has been hacked! Why would I post Franco for 75k less than what’s he’s worth while his price is going up and on top of that why tf would I pay 700k for a 400k card?!? pic.twitter.com/F55hNTiaTr
Sony RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR someone please help!!!! I think my account has been hacked! Why would I post Franco for 75k less than what’s he’s worth while his price is going up and on top of that why tf would I pay 700k for a 400k card?!? pic.twitter.com/F55hNTiaTr
a
NEITHER of the Bosa’s? This list is garbage
NEVER the bosas? This list is garbage
NEITHER of the Bosa's? This list is garbage
NEITHER ABOUT the Bosa’s? This list is garbage
NEITHER of the Bosa Monster ’ s? AND This list alone is garbage
NEITHER of the 25? This list contains garbage
@EAMaddenNFL still a fucking glitch you shitty ass company
"@ EAMaddenNFL still a fucking mess
@ EAMaddenNFL is still fucking gladiator you crap ass company
@EAMaddenNFL still a fucking glitch you shitty ass???
And @EAMaddenNFL still a fucking fucking glitch my you shitty ass company
@EAMaddenNFL still a shit glitch<unk> shitty ass company
You know they gonna do some wild shit you’ll end up being an 86 🤦. ‍.  they don’t respect us Eagles
"You know they're going to do some wild shit
"You know they're going to do some wild shit
You know they gonna do some wild shit you’ll end up being pissed 86 over.<unk>.  they don’t respect us Eagles
You know they keep gonna do some wild shit you ’ ll end well up not being paid an 86 out [UNK].. they don ’ t respect us Eagles
You know they still think some dumb shit the end up being an 86 <unk>.. they don’t respect us Eagles
This is why no one watches you anymore  
s the reason why no one watches you anymore
That's why no one is watching you anymore
This is why no one watches you …
« This is why no one watches you anymore
This is why any one watches you anymore
"@EASPORTS @EAMaddenNFL Thanks for letting everyone know your company's mission statement is ""Be like an entitled female
"@ EASPORTS @ EAMaddenNFL Thank you for letting us know that your company's mission statement is: ""Be like a legitimate woman
"@ EASPORTS @ EAMaddenNF Thank you for letting everyone know that your company's mission is to ""Be like a female
"RhandlerR RhandlerR Thanks for letting everyone know your company's mission statement is ""Be like an entitled female
"5 RhandlerR RhandlerR Thanks for letting everyone know your company's mission statement is ""Be like an entitled female
at
@EAMaddenNFL your ratings suck
@ EAMaddenNFL Your ratings suck
@ EAMaddenNFL your ratings suck
@EAMaddenNFL your ratings unchanged
@EAMaddenNFL your Facebook ratings suck
@EAMaddenNFL<unk> ratings suck
@EAMaddenNFL is trash!!!
@ EAMaddenNFL is garbage!!!
@ EAMaddenNFL is trash!!!
@EAMaddenNFL<unk> trash!!!
@EAMaddenNFL is the trash!!!
stuff is trash!!!
@EAMaddenNFL YOU SUCK
@ EAMaddenNFL
@ EAMaddenNFL YOU SUCK
@EAMaddenNFL YOU T
@EAMaddenNFL AND YOU SUCK
IT YOU SUCK
@EAMaddenNFL and @EASPORTSNHL should take a page out of @EASPORTSFIFA book and actually have free agent meetings i always loved that about fifa  
@ EAMaddenNFL and @ EASPORTSNHL should take a page out of the @ EASPORTSFIFA book and actually hold free agent meetings that I've always liked at FIFA
@ EAMaddenNFL and @ EASPORTSNFL should take a page out of @ EASPORTSFIFA's book and actually hold free agent meetings
@EAMaddenNFL and @EASPORTSNHL should take a page need of @EASPORTSFIFA book and actually have free agent meetings i really loved that about managers
@EAMaddenNFL and @EASPORTSNHL Users should take a page out of @EASPORTSFIFA book jackets and not actually have free agent meetings i always feeling loved and that about when fifa
person and agent can take a page from of @EAMaddenNFL book and actually have REAL agent meetings i always loved that about fifa
@EAMaddenNFL .  These glitches got to go!
@ EAMaddenNFL. These mishaps must go!
@ EAMaddenNFL. These glitches got to go!
@EAMaddenNFL.  These glitches way to go!
Damn @EAMaddenNFL. These glitches got where to go!
@EAMaddenNFL. These glitches Way to go!
@EAMaddenNFL you guys had the audacity to ask me about the connection after I got lagged out. 🥴🥴🥴🥴🥴🥴🥴
@ EAMaddenNFL You guys had the audacity to ask me about the connection after I was booed.
@ EAMaddenNFL you guys had the audacity to ask me about the connection after I left.
@EAMaddenNFL The guys had the audacity th ask me before the connection after I got lagged out. :)
@EAMaddenNFL you stupid guys had the audacity to ask me something about fixing the connection after I got pretty lagged out.... [UNK]
like you guys had the audacity in ask all about the connection after I got lagged out. <unk>
@EAMaddenNFL @NFL we’ve had  
@ EAMaddenNFL @ NFL
@ EAMaddenNFL @ NFL we've had
@EAMaddenNFL @NFL just had
1 @EAMaddenNFL... @NFL we ’ ve had
@EAMaddenNFL @NFL we’ve changed
@EAMaddenNFL I am having problems getting solo battles to come up in game. I keep seeing an uploading circle on a black screen then it goes back to page. Any help
"@ EAMaddenNFL I'm having trouble getting solo fights to appear in the game. I keep seeing a circle on a black screen
@ EAMaddenNFL I am having problems getting solo battles to come up in game. I keep seen an uploading circle on a black screen then it go back to page.
@EAMaddenNFL I am having problems getting solo battles to come up in game. I keep seeing it uploading circle on a black screen then it goes 1 to page. Any recommendations
@EAMaddenNFL I know am constantly having problems getting these solo battles to come up in game. I can keep seeing an uploading green circle on half a black screen then it goes back to page.... Any help
@EAMaddenNFL I been having problems getting solo battles to come up in game. I keep seeing whole uploading picture on a black screen then it goes right onto page. Any help
Explain why y’all have @Daniel_Jones10 who had better stats than Baker and Murray last year so horrible in passing and overall in @EAMaddenNFL ? This is horrible @Equipment_Guru . I’m losing too many games like this!! https://t.co/loRCTdgOTk
"Explain why everyone has @ Daniel _ Jones10 who had better stats than Baker and Murray last year
"Explain why everyone has @ Daniel _ Jones10
Explain why he favored @Daniel_Jones10 who had better success than Baker and Murray last year so clearly in passing and overall in @EAMaddenNFL? This is horrible @Equipment_Guru. I’m losing too many games like this!! =]
Explain why y ’ all have @Daniel_Jones10 who had had better stats than did Baker Holmes and Murray last whole year so horrible in your passing rates and better overall average in @EAMaddenNFL? This is horrible but @Equipment_Guru. I ’ at m losing too many games like this!! https://t.co/loRCTdgOTk ]
then why y’all have to always had better stats than Baker and Murray last year so horrible both passing and overall in effort? This what horrible @Daniel_Jones10. After losing myself many games like this!! https://t.co/loRCTdgOTk]
Talk gotta fix how slow these menus are @EAMaddenNFL
Please discuss how slow these menus are @ EAMaddenNFL
Talk about how slow these menus are @ EAMaddenNFL
Talk gotta fix how slow these menus are @EAMaddenNFL
Talk You gotta fix how slow these menus are are @EAMaddenNFL
Talk gotta see how slow these menus are @EAMaddenNFL
Smh so this is acceptable behavior @EASPORTS_MUT @EASPORTS @EAMaddenNFL  I DONT CARE HOW LONG AGO THIS WAS RACISM IS NOT SOMETHING THAT GOES AWAY
"Smh
Smh so this is acceptable behavior @ EASPORTS _ MUT @ EASPORTS @ EAMaddenNFL I DONT CAW LONG AGO THE WAS RACISM IS NOT SOTHING THE GOES AWAY
Smh so this is acceptable behavior @EASPORTS_MUT @EASPORTS @EAMaddenNFL  I DONT MAT HOW MAD S THIS WAS RACISM IS NOT THAT THAT GOES AWAY
Smh yes so all this is acceptable behavior @EASPORTS_MUT @EASPORTS @EAMaddenNFL I AM DONT CARE TO HOW LONG AGO THIS T WAS RACISM IS YOU NOT A SOMETHING THE THAT THE GOES GO AWAY
Smh so this is acceptable way of @EASPORTS_MUT like I DONT CARE HOW<unk> AGO THIS WAS RACISM IS THIS SOMETHING WHO GOES C
"The best pass play you can do in Madden 21 is not get it. Come on
"The best passing game you can make in Madden 21 is not to get it. Come on
"The best pass game you can make at Madden 21 is not to get it. Come on
"The best pass play you can do in Madden 21 — not get it. Come now
"The best pass play you can arguably do in Madden 21 is not get it. Come go on
"your simplest ever play you can do in Madden 21 is not get ready. Come on
@EAMaddenNFL now this is a messed up rating... how is Julio lower than MT here ? Jesus Christ it gets worse
@ EAMaddenNFL now this is a botched review... how is Julio lower than MT here? Jesus Christ it's getting worse
@ EAMaddenNFL now it's a confused rating... how is Julio here below MT? Jesus Christ it's getting worse
@EAMaddenNFL now that is a messed up rating... how is Julio lower than MT here? Jesus Christ this gets worse
Dear @EAMaddenNFL now this is a messed up I rating... But how is Julio lower than MT right here? And Jesus Christ it gets worse
@EAMaddenNFL said this is a messed up one... how about Julio lower than MT here? But Christ it gets worse
Mark Andrews at 86?? Smh kill them this year @Mandrews_81
Mark Andrews at 86??? smh kill them this year @ Mandrews _ 81
Mark Andrews at 86?? Smh kill them this year @ Mandrews _ 81
Mark Andrews at Can Smh kill them this year @Mandrews_81
Mark in Andrews dies at 86?? Smh kill them for this year @Mandrews_81
Scott Walker at 86?? Smh kill them this year @Mandrews_81
@EAMaddenNFL @EASPORTS getting their chomps busted with another trending hashtag! 3rd shared so far worldwide.  
@ EAMaddenNFL @ EASPORTS got their chomps busted with another trending hashtag! # 3 has so far been shared worldwide.
@ EAMaddenNFL @ EASPORTS with yet another trending hashtag! 3rd shared so far worldwide.
@EAMaddenNFL @EASPORTS wants their chomps busted with another trending video! 3rd shared so far worldwide.
@EAMaddenNFL The @EASPORTS getting their chomps busted with is another trending hashtag! shared 3rd shared 3rd so so far worldwide.
<unk> IP getting its chomps busted on another trending hashtag! 3rd shared so far worldwide.
Defense on @EAMaddenNFL Fuckin Sucks
Defense on @ EAMaddenNFL Fuckin Sucks
Defense on @ EAMaddenNFL Fuckin Sucks
Defense on Teams Fuckin Sucks
Standard Defense on a @EAMaddenNFL Fuckin Sucks
Defense Line @EAMaddenNFL Fuckin Sucks
@EAMaddenNFL I am not going to talk about all the wrong decisions you made on  
@ EAMaddenNFL I'm not going to talk about all the wrong decisions you made on
@ EAMaddenNFL I am not going to talk about all the wrong decisions you made on
@EAMaddenNFL I am not going to talk about all your wrong decisions you made on
@EAMaddenNFL I am not going to talk forever about analyzing all the wrong dumb decisions you made on
@EAMaddenNFL just am not going to talk about all the wrong marks you made on
These are awful

It's terrible
These are —
These are really awful
people are awful
@EAMaddenNFL your game blows donkey balls
@ EAMaddenNFL Your game blows ass balls
@ EAMaddenNFL your game is blowing donkey balls
@EAMaddenNFL ag game blows donkey balls
@EAMaddenNFL your game blows our donkey with balls
@EAMaddenNFL your jaw blows donkey balls
@EASPORTS @EAMaddenNFL's liberal regressive agenda includes the hating of Christians and promoting phobasexuality aka inclusion. and WE have to literally SUFFER because of POLITICS THAT HAS NO PLACE IN MADDEN.
@ EASPORTS @ EAMaddenNFL's liberal regressive agenda includes hatred of Christians and promoting phobexuality alias inclusion. and WE must be literally OFFERED because POLICY HAS NO PLACE IN MADDEN.
"@ EASPORTS @ EAMaddenNFL liberal regressive agenda includes hatred of Christians and propaganda of phobia
@EASPORTS @EAMaddenNFL's liberal regressive agenda means the hating of Christians and promoting phobasexuality aka inclusion. Sadly WE have to literally SUFFER because of POLITICS which HAS NO PLACE IN America.
Especially @EASPORTS because @EAMaddenNFL's liberal regressive agenda agenda includes the hating of Christians everywhere and promoting phobasexuality aka inclusion. SA and WE have to literally SUFFER OF because of IS POLITICS THAT I HAS IN NO PLACE IN TO MADDEN.
@EASPORTS @EAMaddenNFL's liberal regressive stance is the eating black men and promoting phobasexuality aka inclusion. Since WE have not literally SUFFER because of POLITICS WHAT HAS YOU PLACE IN MADDEN.
@EAMaddenNFL does anyone else’s speed even matter other than idk tyreek hill ? Some these receivers have +4 speed against the defender and they run hella slow
@ EAMaddenNFL does the speed of another even play a different role than idk tyreek hill? Some of these receivers have + 4 speed against the defenseman and they run hella slowly
@ EAMaddenNFL does anyone's speed even matter other than idk tyreek hill? Some of these receivers have + 4 speed against a defenseman and they run hella slowly
@EAMaddenNFL does ANY else’s speed even matter other than idk tyreek hill? Some these receivers have +4 speed against the defender which they run so slow
@EAMaddenNFL does not anyone someone else ’ s speed even matter other than idk tyreek hill? 4 Some these wireless receivers have + x 4 speed locked against the defender edge and they run hella slow
@EAMaddenNFL does anyone else’s body even matter other than idk tyreek hill? why these receivers get +4 speed like the defender so they run hella like
"So whenever I play a franchise game in madden
"So every time I play a franchise game in madness
We still have these problems @ EAMaddenNFL???
"So whenever I play some franchise game in madden
"So sometimes whenever apparently I play a basketball franchise game in madden
"So When I play game franchise they in madden
@EAMaddenNFL is the worst game ever created period
@ EAMaddenNFL is the worst game ever
@ EAMaddenNFL is the worst game ever created period
@EAMaddenNFL is the worst genocide ever created period
While @EAMaddenNFL is the worst game ever independently created period
@EAMaddenNFL is our worst game ever created period
Gotta love @Equipment_Guru getting grilled by some diehard @EAMaddenNFL fans over some of their issues with his ratings! This is why he gets paid the big bucks!  
Gotta love @ Equipment _ Guru being grilled by some die hard @ EAMaddenNFL fans about some of their issues with his ratings! That's why he gets the big bucks!
And the love of @ Equipment _ Guru upsets some diehard @ EAMaddenNFL fans because of some of their ratings problems! That's why he's being paid a lot of money!
Gotta love @Equipment_Guru getting grilled by some diehard @EAMaddenNFL fans over some of their opinion over his ratings! This is why he gets paid the colossal bucks!
Gotta fucking love @Equipment_Guru through getting grilled by some fat diehard @EAMaddenNFL fans over noticing some side of their issues arising with his ratings! This is why he too gets paid the big bucks!
Gotta love @Equipment_Guru getting paid by some diehard @EAMaddenNFL members over some of their rivalry with his fans! This is why he gets paid the big bonuses!
"The disrespect on Daniel Jones is ridiculous
"The disrespect for Daniel Jones is ridiculous
"Disrespect to Daniel Jones is ridiculous
"The disrespect on Daniel Jones is ridiculous
"The disrespect on this Daniel Jones is ridiculous
"The disrespect on Julio Jones is ridiculous
These money grabbing ea Bastards
This money grabs the bastards
"This money will be spent on ""Inglorious Bastards"""
These money grabbing American Bastards
These money grabbing ea My Bastards
These money is ea Bastards
"lol download @EAMaddenNFL for PC
"lol download @ EAMaddenNFL for PC
"Madden Interception Football
"lol download these for FREE
"lol download @EAMaddenNFL for PC
"lol has @EAMaddenNFL for PC
@EAMaddenNFL your game sucks
@ EAMaddenNFL Your game sucks
@ EAMaddenNFL your game sucks
@EAMaddenNFL clock game sucks
@EAMaddenNFL And your game sucks
@EAMaddenNFL your face sucks
bruh @EAMaddenNFL this h2h game’s been stuck on this screen for 5 minutes smh pic.twitter.com/rYslnyflFj
bruh @ EAMaddenNFL this h2h game is stuck on this screen for 5 minutes smh pic.twitter.com / rYslnyflFj
bruh @ EAMaddenNFL this h2h game's stuck on this screen for 5 minutes smh pic.fm / rYslnyflFj
bruh RhandlerR this h2h game’s been stuck on this screen for 5 minutes smh pic.twitter.com/rYslnyflFj
by bruh RhandlerR this h2h game’s been stuck on this screen for 5 minutes smh pic.twitter.com/rYslnyflFj
are
@EAMaddenNFL i don't know how you guys still make madden games every year and some how they still come out unplayable with tons of glitches just stop making sports games if you can't get it right by now just give it back to 2k games so madden will be good again
"@ EAMaddenNFL I don't know how you guys still make crazy games every year and some as they still come out with tons of mishaps unplayable
@ EAMaddenNFL i don't know how you guys still made madden games every year and some how they still come out unplayable with tons of glitches just stop making sports games if you can't get it right by now just give it back to 2k games so madden will be good again
@EAMaddenNFL i don't remember how you guys still make madden games every yr and some how they still come out unplayable with lot of glitches just stop making sports games if you can't get people right by now just give it back to 2k games so everyone will be right again
@EAMaddenNFL i don's t know it how you guys still make madden games every year and some how they still barely come checking out unplayable with just tons of glitches just stop making sports games or if you can'T t get it right by now just kids give you it back to 2k hockey games so madden will be good again
@EAMaddenNFL i don't know like you guys still make 12 games per year and some how they still come out unplayable with tons of people just stop making sports games like you can't get it right by now just give it time for 2k games everyday madden will be good right
Y’all really make me sick @EAMaddenNFL
Y'all making me really sick @ EAMaddenNFL
Y'all really make me sick @ EAMaddenNFL
Y’all really make America sick @EAMaddenNFL
Y ′ ’ all really gonna make me sick @EAMaddenNFL
Y’all really make me for @EAMaddenNFL
@EAMaddenNFL FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU!!!! U GUYS FUCKING LIE TO US GO FUCK UR NO LIFE SELVES
@ EAMaddenNFL FICK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU!! U GUYS FUCKING LIE TO US GO FUCK UR NO LIFE SELVES
@ EAMaddenNFUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU!!! U GUYS FUCKING LIE TO US GO FUCK UR NO LIFE SELVES
@EAMaddenNFL<unk> YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU!!!! U GUYS FUCKING LIE TO NO GO FUCK UR NO LIFE S
@EAMaddenNFL FUCK OR YOU FUCK TO YOU and FUCK YOU TO FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK ON YOU!!!!... U GUYS FUCKING LIE TO US AND GO OR FUCK UR IN NO LIFE OF SELVES
@EAMaddenNFL of lover FUCK YOU FUCK lover FUCK love FUCK LOVE FUCK YOU!!!! U GUYS FUCKING WHO D IT GO FUCK UR NO LIFE SELVES
How the graphics get WORSE . 
How the graphics get WORSE.
How graphs get WORSE.
How the graphics looked WORSE.
How does the graphics get WORSE.
if the graphics get WORSE.
@EAMaddenNFL what is up with these player ratings? I think your algorithm is wrong . 
"@ EAMaddenNFL
@ EAMaddenNFL what's with these player ratings?
@EAMaddenNFL what is up with these player ratings? I think some algorithm is wrong.
@EAMaddenNFL what is up there with these player ratings? I should think only your algorithm is wrong.
of what is up with such low ratings? I think your algorithm is wrong.
@EAMaddenNFL so only Legends bundle you put in is $100... and singles are $20... cruel
@ EAMaddenNFL so just Legends Bundle you put in $100... and singles are $20... cruel
@ EAMaddenNFL so just Legends File you put in $100... and singles $20... cruel
@EAMaddenNFL so the Legends bundle you<unk> in is $100... and singles are $20... cruel
@EAMaddenNFL so not only any Legends bundle that you got put in is $ 100... and all singles are $ 20... cruel
@EAMaddenNFL so only Legends bundle you put in only $100... All singles are $20... because
 
It is not the first time that the EU Commission has taken such a step.
"At the same time



Yo @EAMaddenNFL can we not play solos together??
Yo @ EAMaddenNFL can't we do solos together??
Yo @ EAMaddenNFL can we not play solos together??
Yo @EAMaddenNFL can we not play music together??
and Yo or @EAMaddenNFL can we not play solos together??
Yo @EAMaddenNFL can we two sing solos together??
I’m just not sure how @EAMaddenNFL hires the people that decide the ratings. Seems like they get worse every year! Whoever they are they wernt worth the money. Use that money to  
"I'm just not sure how @ EAMaddenNFL employs the people who decide the ratings. It seems like they're getting worse every year! Whoever they are
I'm just not sure how @ EAMaddenNFL hires people who decide ratings.
I’m just not certain how Microsoft hires the engineers that review the ratings. Seems like they get worse every year! Whoever they are they wernt worth the money. Use that money to
I ’ I m just not sure of how @EAMaddenNFL hires the people that decide the broadcast ratings. 13 Seems like they get worse every passing year! But Whoever if they are they wernt worth the money. Use much that money to
I’m just not sure why @EAMaddenNFL hires its folks that decide the score. Seems like ratings get worse every year! Whoever they are they wernt worth the money. Use that money right
I know EA was praying for some sort of historical event to go down so they could have an excuse to delay the same exact game they’ve made for all these fuckin years
I know EA has been praying for some historical event to go down so they have an excuse to delay the same game they did all those damn years.
I know EA were preparing for some historic event so they had a reason to postpone the exact game they had been doing all those fucking years
I know everybody was praying for some sort of historical event just go down so they could have an excuse to delay the same stupid game they’ve made for all these fuckin years
And I know that EA News was praying for some sort of major historical event to basically go crashing down so they could have an excuse to delay at the same exact game they ’ ve made for all these fuckin years
I know EA was praying for some sort of historical event to go down so they could have an excuse to keep the same exact process they’ve made for putting these crazy people
 
It is not the first time that the EU Commission has taken such a step.
"At the same time



This is one of the worst madden in years this shit is hilarious 🤣🤣🤣🤣
"This is one of the worst lunatics in years
"This is one of the worst failures in years
This is one of the worst madden in english this shit is hilarious but
This is both one of the very worst madden in years this shit is dead hilarious [UNK]
This is one probably the worst madden in years this one is hilarious <unk>
@EAMaddenNFL when are you going to fix the glitches on Madden 21 and have the current rosters?
"@ EAMaddenNFL
@ EAMaddenNFL when are you going to fix the slide on Madden 21 and do you have current rosters?
@EAMaddenNFL when are you going to fix the glitches on August 21 and have stable current rosters?
Love @EAMaddenNFL and when are you going back to permanently fix the glitches on Madden 21 and then have the current rosters?
@EAMaddenNFL when are you going to fix the glitches between Madden 21 with have good current rosters?
@EAMaddenNFL  whTs the problem now with EA ? Always something!!!
@ EAMaddenNFL whTs the problem now with EA? Always something!!!
@ EAMaddenNFT whts the problem now with EA? Always something!!!
@EAMaddenNFL  whTs the problem over with EA? Always something!!!
@EAMaddenNFL is whTs the easy problem does now with EA? Always something!!!
@EAMaddenNFL whTs the problem now with EA? Why the
"Dear @EA @EASPORTS @EAMaddenNFL
"Dear @ EA @ EASPORTS @ EAMaddenNFL
"Dear @ EA @ EASPORTS @ EAMaddenNFL
"Dear @EA @EASPORTS @EAMaddenNFL
"Dear @EA me @EASPORTS @EAMaddenNFL
"Dear professional @EA employers
@EASPORTS no sound on  @EAMaddenNFL and game glitches out to the point I have to restart
@ EASPORTS no tone on @ EAMaddenNFL and game mishaps to the point I need to restart
@ EASPORTS no sound on @ EAMaddenNFL and game glitches out to the point I have to restart
@EASPORTS no works on  @EAMaddenNFL and game glitches out towards the point I have to restart
@EASPORTS makes no sound on @EAMaddenNFL it and game glitches balance out to the point I have to never restart
@EASPORTS no sound on internet and game glitches out to controller interface I have to restart
Lame.
Lahm.
Lame.
Lame.
1 Lame.
<unk>.
I mean this is just insane . . . @EASPORTS_MUT @EAMaddenNFL @cookieboy1794 pic.twitter.com/30llzT6egr
I mean this is just crazy... @ EASPORTS _ MUT @ EAMaddenNFL @ cookieboy1794 pic.twitter.com / 30llzT6egr
I mean this is just the beginning... @ EASPORTS _ MUT @ EAMaddenNFL @ cookenboy1794 pic.fm / 30llzT6egr
I mean this is just insane . . . RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR pic.twitter.com/30llzT6egr
with I mean this is just insane . . . RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR pic.twitter.com/30llzT6egr
a
The disrespect @ItzLiveee
The disrespect @ ItzLiveee
Disrespect for Igor
The disrespect policy
As The disrespect @ItzLiveee
The Magic @ItzLiveee
Any question of why the packers are GARBAGE in in @EAMaddenNFL davonte can’t catch a damn ball is what I’m getting and sarong Rodgers can’t throw a accurate pass smh
Any question as to why the Packers are in @ EAMaddenNFL can't catch a damn ball is what I get and Sarong Rodgers can't throw a precise pass smh
Any question about why players in the @ EAMaddenNFL can't catch a cursed ball is what I get and Sarong Rodgers can't throw an accurate pass smx
Any part of all the packers are GARBAGE in in @EAMaddenNFL davonte can’t catch a damn ball is what I’m getting and me y can’t throw a accurate pass smh
Any question of why the packers are GARBAGE is in football in @EAMaddenNFL davonte can we ’ t seen catch down a nice damn ball is what impression I ’ m getting and sarong Rodgers can ’ t see throw down a accurate pass smh
Any question of why four packers are GARBAGE in passing @EAMaddenNFL davonte all catch the damn ball is nothing I’m stating and sarong Rodgers can’t throw any accurate pass smh
"@EAMaddenNFL literally gonna break something
"@ EAMaddenNFL is literally going to break something
"@ EAMaddenNFL is literally going to break something
"@EAMaddenNFL literally gonna say something
"@EAMaddenNFL literally gonna break like something
"@EAMaddenNFL literally gonna break something
They scared bro. Sweeping the money under the rug lol
They were scared bro. Sweeping the money under the carpet lol
They scared the bro.
They scared bro. Sweeping his money under the rug lol
They scared bro. 40 Sweeping the money deep under the dirty rug lol
They scared bro. Sweeping their money under my rug lol
@EAMaddenNFL @EAMaddenNFL fix your trash Madden 20 do you people watch NFL football...the defense suck ass and there's no unstoppable run play dummies pay attention to the @Titans vs @Ravens game
@ EAMaddenNFL @ EAMaddenNFL Fix your garbage Madden 20 You guys watch NFL football... the defense sucks ass and there's no unstoppable run playing dummies watch the @ Titans vs. @ Ravens game
@ EAMaddenNFL @ EAMaddenNFL fix your Madden 20 thrash you're the people who watch NFL football... the defense sucks your ass and there's no irresistible run play mannequins pay attention to the @ Titans vs @ Ravens game
@EAMaddenNFL @EAMaddenNFL fix your trash Madden 20 doesnt get people watch college football...the defense suck ass and there's no unstoppable run play dummies no attention to the @Titans vs @Ravens game
@EAMaddenNFL @EAMaddenNFL fix your trash Madden 20 do you people watch NFL American football... the defense really suck that ass today and there'd s certainly no such unstoppable run play dummies they pay attention to to the @Titans run vs @Ravens game
does @EAMaddenNFL fix your trash after 20 do you people watch fantasy football...the defense suck now and there's no unstoppable pass play dummies pay<unk> to the catch vs TD game
"@EAMaddenNFL you can have realism and glad to see the players “break down” and not so missile like. However
"@ EAMaddenNFL You can have realism and be glad to see players ""collapse"" and not so rocket-like. However
"@ EAMaddenNFL you can have realism and are excited to see players ""breaking down"" and not as rocket like."
"@EAMaddenNFL you can have realism and glad to see the players “break down” and not so missile like. However
"@EAMaddenNFL so you can have realism and being glad to see the huge players “ break down ” hard and not so missile like. However
"@EAMaddenNFL you can play realism and enjoy to see the players “break down” and not so missile like. However
Yo @EAMaddenNFL I’ve know you for a bit! . . Why do you treat me like this? I know I’ve mad so many mistakes! but when I run it right against the perfect defense you blow a gasket!
"Yo @ EAMaddenNFL I know you a bit!.. Why do you treat me like that? I know I've made so many mistakes! But if I use it properly against the perfect defense
Yo @ EAMaddenNFL I've known you for a bit!.. Why do you treat me like this? I know I've mad so many mistakes! but when I run it right against the perfect defense you blow a promotion!
Yo @EAMaddenNFL I’ve know you for a bit!.. Why dont you like me like this? I know I’ve mad so many mistakes! Especially when I run it right against the perfect you guys blow a gasket!
Yo or @EAMaddenNFL I ’ ve come know through you for a bit!.. Why really do you treat just me more like this? Soon I know someday I will ’ ve mad so many mistakes! but when I run it on right against the perfect defense you blow a gasket!
Yo @EAMaddenNFL I’ve teased you for little bit!.. Why should you target me like this? I know I’ve mad so great mistakes! and when I run it right against the perfect defense we blow a gasket!
@EAMaddenNFL is Madden NFL 21 still charging $60 to stuff ads for MUT down our throats? All I want to do is take  
@ EAMaddenNFL is Madden NFL 21 still charging $60 to stuff advertisements for BUT down our throats? All I want to do is take
@ EAMaddenNFL is Madden NFL 21 still charging $60 to stuff advertising for MUT down our throats? All I want to do is take
@EAMaddenNFL is Madden NFL 21 really charging $60 to stuff ads for MUT down our throats? All I want to do was take
Oh @EAMaddenNFL is Madden NFL 21 still literally charging $ 60 bill to stuff ads for MUT down into our throats? All I would want to fucking do is take
c<unk> Madden NFL 21 still charging $60 to push ads for MUT down Christian throats? All I want to do is take
Preordered @EAMaddenNFL from @Walmart and got the mvp edition..should be playing right now but now it’s not supposed to be delivered UNTIL THURSDAY 08/27!! So there was absolutely no point in preordering... this is unreal @EASPORTS_MUT @MaddenNFLDirect
"Pre-ordered @ EAMaddenNFL from @ Walmart and got the mvp edition.. should be playing right now
Preordered @ EAMaddenNFL from @ Walmart and got the mvp edition.. should be playing right now but now it's not supposed to be delivered UNTIL THURSDAY 08 / 27!! So there was absolutely no point in preordering... this is unreal @ EASPORTS _ MUT @ MaddenNFL Direct
Preordered @EAMaddenNFL and @Walmart and got the boxed edition..should be playing right along but now it’s not supposed to be delivered UNTIL THURSDAY 12/27!! so there was absolutely no point in preordering... this is unreal @EASPORTS_MUT!!
A Preordered @EAMaddenNFL from @Walmart and got the mvp edition.. he should be playing over right right now but now it ’ s not supposed to be that delivered UNTIL S THURSDAY 08 / 27!! So there was absolutely no point saying in the preordering... though this is unreal @EASPORTS_MUT is @MaddenNFLDirect
Preordered @EAMaddenNFL from @Walmart first got the mvp edition..should be over right then but then it’s not supposed to as delivered then THURSDAY 08/27!! So there be absolutely no fun in preordering... this seemed unreal on @EASPORTS_MUT
@EAMaddenNFL & @Ronnie2K  NBA2k20 & Madden 20 sucked ass this year that shit so animated it’s no skill needed if he animation on yo side u good that shit suck fixed yaw games
@ EAMaddenNFL & @ Ronnie2K NBA2k20 & Madden 20 sucked ass this year that shit so animated it's no skill needed if he animation on yo side u good that shit suck fixed yaw games
@ EAMaddenNFL & @ Ron2K N2k20 & Madden 20 sucked ass this year that shit is so animated that no skill is needed if it's animation on the yo side u well that shit sucks fixed yo games
@EAMaddenNFL & @Ronnie2K  NBA2k20 & Madden 20 sucked ass this year that shit so animated with no skill needed if he s on yo side u watch that shit suck fixed ass games
@EAMaddenNFL & I @Ronnie2K... NBA2k20 & Madden Warriors 20 sucked ass this shit year did that shit so well animated it shit ’ s no skill needed if inside he was animation on yo side u good that shit suck fixed yaw games
@EAMaddenNFL & @Ronnie2K 18 & Madden 20 sucked ass 5 year that everything is animated it’s no explanation needed if the animation on yo are u good that shit suck fixed yaw games
@EAMaddenNFL NERF MAN COVERAGE this is getting old and boring.
@ EAMaddenNFL NERF MAN COVERAGE This is getting old and boring.
@ EAMaddenNFL NERF MAN COVERAGE this is getting old and boring.
@EAMaddenNFL NERF MAN COVERAGE this is getting old and irritating.
@EAMaddenNFL NERF MAN ON COVERAGE And this is getting too old and bloody boring.
@EAMaddenNFL NERF MAN COVERAGE this is getting old deep tired.
How Gronk a 95.... madden sucks
How Gronk sucks a 95... maniac
How 95-year-old Madden Sucks
How Gronk a 95.... madden NFL
How Gronk took a 95.... can madden sucks
How Gronk a 95.... madden is
@EAMaddenNFL franchise and face of the franchise are both terrible. @NFL  
@ EAMaddenNFL franchise and face of franchise are both terrible. @ NFL
@ EAMaddenNFL franchise and the face of the franchise is horrible. @ NFL
@EAMaddenNFL franchise and face of URI franchise are both terrible. @NFL
@EAMaddenNFL franchise and face of the home franchise that are in both terrible. @NFL
@EAMaddenNFL franchise and face of me franchise are both terrible. An
Can’t fix franchise but has enough revenue to give out this?  
"Can't fix the franchise
"Can't fix a franchise
Can’t fix franchise but has enough revenue to balance out this?
Can ’ t fix franchise but has acquired enough revenue to give people out this?
Can’t cut anything but has enough revenue to give out this?
@EAMaddenNFL i was watching the twitch stream last night from 8:00-11:00pm and i received 3 twitfh drops but have not received my crown. please help @EASPORTS_MUT @EAHelp
@ EAMaddenNFL I watched the Twitch stream last night from 20: 00-23: 00 and I received 3 twitfh drops but have not received my crown. Please help @ EASPORTS _ MUT @ EAHelp
@ EAMaddenNFL I watched a live stream last night from 8am to 11am and got 3 drops an hour but didn't get a crocodile.
@EAMaddenNFL i was watching the twitch stream last night from 8:00-11:00pm and a received 3<unk> drops but id not received my crown. please connect @EASPORTS_MUT @EAHelp
@EAMaddenNFL out i was already watching the free twitch stream last night from 8 : 35 00 - 11 : 35 00pm and i received 3 twitfh drops too but have probably not received back my crown. please help @EASPORTS_MUT in @EAHelp
like i was to the twitch stream last night and 8:00-11:00pm and i received the twitfh drops but have not received my favourite. Can help out @EAMaddenNFL
Let me know when they fix the trash copy and paste gameplay.
Let me know when they fix the trash and insert the gameplay.
Let me know when they fix the trash copy and paste gameplay.
Let me know when they fix the trash copy for paste gameplay.
Let me know later when they fix on the trash copy and paste gameplay.
Let me know when they fix ugly trash copy and paste gameplay.
@EAMaddenNFL has one bad game in the last 5 years. @EASPORTSNHL hasn’t had a good game in over 5 years.
@ EAMaddenNFL has had a bad game in the last 5 years. @ EASPORTSNHL hasn't had a good game in over 5 years.
@ EAMaddenNFL has had one bad game in the last 5 years. @ EASPORTSNFL hasn't had a good game in the last 5 years.
@EAMaddenNFL has one bad game in the last 5 years. @EASPORTSNHL hasn’t had a good game in almost 5 days.
@EAMaddenNFL currently has got one big bad game recorded in the last 5 quarter years. @EASPORTSNHL hasn ’ t had a good game there in over 5 years.
@EAMaddenNFL has a hard game over the under 5 years. @EASPORTSNHL hasn’t had a good game in over 5 years.
@EAMaddenNFL hi I am am trying to do the golden ticket challenges and it is not working for me and 10 of my friends so will u be post pointing it or??
@ EAMaddenNFL hello I'm trying to solve the golden ticket challenges and it doesn't work for me and 10 of my friends so I'll post it right??
@ EAMaddenNFL hi I am trying to do the golden ticket challenges and it is not working for me and 10 of my friends so will u be post pointing it or??
@EAMaddenNFL hi I am am trying ti do the golden ticket challenges and it is not possible for me and 10 of my coworkers so will u be post pointing it or??
The @EAMaddenNFL hi I am am trying to do the golden hockey ticket challenges and it is not working for me and any 10 or of my friends so will s u be post the pointing that it or??
@EAMaddenNFL hi I the am trying to find the golden ticket challenges and it is not set for me and 10 of my friends so may u be post pointing one or??
DAMN it Madden at least act like you care! SAD
DAMN it Madden at least pretends you don't care! SAD
DAMN it Madden at least act like you care! SAD
DAMN it Madden at least act pretending you care! SAD
DAMN it Madden at be least still act like shit you care! SAD
DAMN it shit on least act like you care! SAD
Larry Fitzgerald has more tackles than drops in his career . I can’t tell madden just be putting shit
Larry Fitzgerald has more tackles than pitfalls in his career.
Larry Fitzgerald's career has more than its failures.
Larry Fitzgerald missed more tackles than drops in his career. I can’t tell madden just for putting shit
Larry Fitzgerald has more tackles than drops in his professional career. What I absolutely can ’ t tell madden just there be putting shit
Larry Fitzgerald has more luck than drops in his head. He can’t tell madden just be putting shit
So the @EASPORTS_MUT @EAMaddenNFL servers were down for more than 8 hours on Friday and ya'll didn't adjust any rewards c'mon.
So the @ EASPORTS _ MUT @ EAMaddenNFL servers were down for more than 8 hours on Friday and we won't be adjusting any rewards c'mon.
So the @ EASPORTS _ MUT @ EAMaddenNFL servers were shut down for more than 8 hours on Friday and I will not be setting up any c'mon rewards.
So the @EASPORTS_MUT @EAMaddenNFL servers were down for more than 8 hours on Friday and ya'll will adjust their rewards whatsoever.
So the @EASPORTS_MUT @EAMaddenNFL T servers were down anyway for more than 8 long hours on Friday and we ya'll didn's t adjust their any rewards c'mon.
So that @EASPORTS_MUT @EAMaddenNFL servers were down for more than 8 pm on Sunday because ya'll didn't adjust your rewards c'mon.
@EAMaddenNFL Everyone is a big hitter suddenly smh this game is trash I actually can’t wait for madden 21 cause once y’all fuck that game up hopefully @NFL will not give y’all an exclusive license please @NFL DO NOT GIVE THEM THE EXCLUSIVE LICENSE
@ EAMaddenNFL Everyone is a big hit all of a sudden smh this game is garbage I actually can't wait until crazy 21 cause once y'all fuck that game up Hopefully @ NFL won't give y'all an exclusive license please @ NFL Don't give them the exclusive license
"@ EAMaddenNFL Everyone is a big bully suddenly mmm this game is a thrash I can't really wait for madden 21 reasons once and everyone fucks up that game
@EAMaddenNFL Everyone is a big hitter god smh this game is trash I actually can’t wait for madden free update once I bring that game up hopefully @NFL will not give y’all an exclusive license please @NFL DO YOU GIVE THEM THE EXCLUSIVE LICENSE
@EAMaddenNFL Everyone is a big hitter suddenly smh this game up is trash I actually can ’ t wait for a madden 21 shit cause once all y u ’ just all fuck with that game up hopefully please @NFL will not give y ’ you all an exclusive license please @NFL just DO NOT GIVE THEM THE EXCLUSIVE LICENSE
@EAMaddenNFL Everyone is a big hitter suddenly smh this game is trash I will wanna wait for release 21 cause all y’all fuck that movie up hopefully this will not give y’all an exclusive license please @NFL AM NOT WA THEM An EXCLUSIVE HERE
@EAMaddenNFL what happened to if you guess the play you have a boosted chance in making the play??? Guess run on a guying doing nothing but runs suddenly it’s a 65yard TD run games ass
@ EAMaddenNFL what happened when you guess the game you have an increased chance to make the game??? Guess run on a guying doing nothing but runs suddenly it's a 65yard TD run games ass
@ EAMaddenNFL what happened if you guess the play you have an increased chance of making the play???
@EAMaddenNFL what tf to if you guess the play you have a great chance in making the play??? Guess happened on a guying doing nothing dude runs suddenly it’s a 65yard TD run games ass
@EAMaddenNFL what happened to you if you guess that the play you have just a boosted chance in making the play??? Guess a run on a guying doing that nothing but runs suddenly it ’ s got a 65yard TD or run losing games two ass
@EAMaddenNFL what happened to if you guess the play or have a boosted hope in making the play??? Guess run in a punt doing nothing but then suddenly it’s a 65yard TD run to ass
fix ur game @EAMaddenNFL 97 hit power to a qb and doesn’t fumble. shit costed me the game
Fix ur game @ EAMaddenNFL 97 hit power to a qb and doesn't fumble. shit cost me the game
fix ur game @ EAMaddenNF97 hit power to a qb and doesn't fumble. shit cost me the game
fix ur game @EAMaddenNFL he hit power with a qb and doesn’t fumble. shit costed me the game
fix ur that game @EAMaddenNFL 97 hit its power to win a qb and doesn ’ a t fumble. Big shit costed me the game
quit ur game @EAMaddenNFL 97 hit power against a qb and doesn’t change. shit costed me this game
@EAMaddenNFL when in man coverage sometimes one of your players decides to blitz and leave their man uncovered please fix this issue
"@ EAMaddenNFL
"@ EAMaddenNFL
@EAMaddenNFL when in man coverage sometimes one of your players decides to blitz and leave one man uncovered please report this issue
@EAMaddenNFL when in man coverage sometimes one of your players now decides to blitz around and leave half their man uncovered please fix up this wrong issue
@EAMaddenNFL when in man coverage sometimes one of your players decides he blitz and leave their players uncovered please fix this up
@EAMaddenNFL please add the Buffalo Bills 90's away jerseys please and thank you. It sucks only having the 90's home but not having the aways.
"@ EAMaddenNFL please add the away jerseys of the Buffalo Bills 90 and thank you. It just sucks to have the 90 at home
"@ EAMaddenNFL
@EAMaddenNFL please add the Buffalo Bills 90's away jerseys please and thank god. It sucks only having the 90's home gear not holding the aways.
@EAMaddenNFL please add the Buffalo Bills Football 90's football away season jerseys please visit and thank you. It sucks only having all the 90'9 s home but just not having the aways.
@EAMaddenNFL please add this Buffalo Bills 90's home away please and thank you. It sucks NOT having the 90's home when not having the aways.
Lmao so sad
Lmao so sad
Lmao so sad
Lmao so<unk>
Lmao was so sad
Lmao so he
 
It is not the first time that the EU Commission has taken such a step.
"At the same time



@EAMaddenNFL It wouldent hurts to give offensive line men X factors it could almost be like momentum shift but how you get them into the zone is by not letting their quarterback get sacked or consecutive played without taking a loss of yards just throwing my opinion out there
"@ EAMaddenNFL It would hurt to give offensive line men X factors
"@ EAMaddenNFL It would be a shame to give the forwards of the X Factor men's line
@EAMaddenNFL A wouldent hurts to give offensive line men X factors it could almost be like box analysis where how best get them into the zone is by not letting their quarterback get sacked or consecutive played without taking a loss of yards just throwing my opinion out there
14 @EAMaddenNFL It wouldent hurts to just give two offensive line men X these factors it then could almost be like momentum shift but how you get them into the zone is by not actually letting their quarterback get sacked easily or throw consecutive played without taking a complete loss of yards just throwing that my opinion out there
@EAMaddenNFL It wouldent hurts to give offensive line men X factors fucking with almost as subtle momentum shift knowing how you get them into comfort zone is like not letting their quarterback get sacked or consecutive played without taking intentional loss of yards just throwing my opinion out there
I hate that I need to get Madden now
I hate that I have to get Madden now
I hate that I need to get Madden now
I hate that he need to get Madden now
I hate that I desperately need to get to Madden now
I hate that I need to get lost now
Stop playing . 
Stop playing.
Stop playing.
"Stop playing."""
Stop the playing.
am playing.
How do you give @AaronRodgers12 an 89 overall? @EAMaddenNFL get your shit together!
How do you give @ AaronRodgers12 a total of 89? @ EAMaddenNFL brings your shit together!
How do you give @ AaronRodgers12 89 overall? @ EAMaddenNFL put your shit together!
How do you give @AaronRodgers12 an 89 overall? @EAMaddenNFL have your shit together!
How do you give that @AaronRodgers12 an 89 overall? I @EAMaddenNFL get everything your shit put together!
How do you give us that 89 overall? @AaronRodgers12 needs your shit together!
Fantastic @EASPORTS @EAMaddenNFL.  
Fantastic @ EASPORTS @ EAMaddenNFL.
@ EASPORTS @ EAMaddenNFL.
Fantastic in @EASPORTS.
Fantastic the @EASPORTS The @EAMaddenNFL.
Fantastic @EASPORTS T.
@EAMaddenNFL y’all ever gonna fix the community files problem.? It’s been about 2 weeks now and nothing. Maybe put some effort towards your franchise fan base and not just MUT. Psh.
@ EAMaddenNFL y'all gonna ever fix the community files problem.? It's been 2 weeks now and nothing. Maybe you're trying to serve your franchise fan base and not just be brave. Psh.
@ EAMaddenNFL y'all ever gonna fix the community files problem.? It's been about 2 weeks now and nothing. Maybe put some effort towards your franchise fan base and not just MUT. Psh.
@EAMaddenNFL maybe ever gonna fix the community files problem.? It’s been about 2 weeks now & nothing. Now put some effort towards the franchise fan base and not just MUT. Psh.
@EAMaddenNFL y ’ all ever was gonna like fix the game community files to problem.? It ’ s gonna been about on 2 weeks now and... nothing. Maybe put all some effort towards your franchise fan base and not just MUT. 2 Psh.
@EAMaddenNFL y’all ever gonna fix the community files problem.? It’s been about 3 weeks now and nothing. Maybe put some effort towards your WordPress fan pages and not fucking look. In.
Cooper? Why I even pre order this shit . 
Cooper? Why do I even pre-order this shit.
Cooper? Why am I even ordering this crap.
Cooper? did I even pre order this shit.
Cooper? Why I even go pre a order this shit.
Cooper? Why I even pre order this for.
JJ Should be sooooooooooo much lower lmfao TJ should be above him and Myles and Chandler and Von and Mack smh this list is so fucking ass
JJ Should be sooooooo much lower lmfao TJ should be above him and Myles and Chandler and Von and Mack smh this list is so damn ass
JJ Must be sooooooooooooo much lower lmfao TJ Must be above him and Miles and Chandler and and Mac smx this list is so fucking ass
JJ Should be sooooooooooo much lower lmfao TJ should go above him maybe Myles and Chandler or Von and Mack smh this list is so fucking ass
JJ Should be around sooooooooooo but much lower lmfao TJ definitely should be above him and Myles and Chandler and Von and even Mack smh this list for is fucking so... fucking awesome ass
JJ this so sooooooooooo much lower lmfao TJ Better be above him and Myles and Chandler and Von and Mack smh this just got so shit ass
@EAMaddenNFL you should make a online pro bowl that you can play with many friends sorta like a Allstar team up in @NBA2K that would make the game so much better @cookieboy1794
@ EAMaddenNFL you should have an online Pro Bowl you can play with many friends sorta like an all-star team in @ NBA2K that would make the game so much better @ cookieboy1794
@ EAMaddenNFL you have to make an online pro bowl where you can play with many friends like the Allstar team at @ N2K that would make the game a lot better @ cookenboy1794
@EAMaddenNFL someone should make a online super bowl that you can play with many of sorta like a skeleton team up in @NBA2K that would make the game so much better @cookieboy1794
So @EAMaddenNFL thinks you should make a different online pro bowl because that you can get play with many friends sorta like a Allstar team up in @NBA2K but that would make the online game so much and better @cookieboy1794
@EAMaddenNFL you should make a online pro bowl that everyone can play with many friends sorta like a tag team up in there This would make the game so lot better over
"@EAMaddenNFL DM me
"@ EAMaddenNFL DM me
"@ EAMaddenNFL me
"@EAMaddenNFL DM me
"@EAMaddenNFL DM To me
"@EAMaddenNFL DM me
Facts bro they disrespecting 4real!!!!
Facts bro they're disrespectful 4real!!!!
Bro facts they discredit 4real!!!!
Facts bro start disrespecting 4real!!!!
Facts for bro know they disrespecting Mr 4real!!!!
Facts bro why disrespecting 4real!!!!
@EAMaddenNFL spent $10 on in game currency for packs and received nothing.
@ EAMaddenNFL spent $10 in game currency on packs and got nothing.
@ EAMaddenNFL spent $10 on game currency for packages and got nothing.
@EAMaddenNFL spent $10 000 in game currency for packs and received nothing.
@EAMaddenNFL have spent $ 10 on in game personal currency for packs used and received nothing.
"@EAMaddenNFL spent $10 1
"Hey @TheRock
"Hi @ TheRock
"Hey @ TheRock
"Hey Chris
"Say Hey @TheRock
"Hey @TheRock
Hey @EAMaddenNFL when is the update coming? A lot of glitches in my game so far.
"Hey @ EAMaddenNFL
Hey @ EAMaddenNFL when is the update coming? A lot of glitches in my game so far.
Hey @EAMaddenNFL<unk> is the update coming? A lot of glitches in my game not far.
Hey @EAMaddenNFL but when else is the update coming? A lot of glitches occur in my Twitter game so far.
Hey @EAMaddenNFL when is the update coming? A few recent glitches in my game so yeah.
Are MUT PC Servers Down? @EAHelp @EAMaddenNFL @EASPORTS_MUT  Trying to do the Star Of The Day: Justin Jackson and keep getting an error on Madden 21 on PC through Stream pic.twitter.com/kK1U0OXxHB
Are the PC servers of MUT failed? @ EAHelp @ EAMaddenNFL @ EASPORTS _ MUT Trying to make the star of the day: Justin Jackson and getting a bug to Madden 21 on the PC by stream pic.twitter.com / kK1U0OXxHB
Is MUT PC Servers Down? @ EAHelp @ EAMaddenNFL @ EASPORTS _ MUT Trying to Make Star Of The Day: Justin Jackson and keep getting the Madden 21 bug on PC via Stream pic.fm / kK1U0OXxxHB
Are MUT PC Servers Down? RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR  Trying to do the Star Of The Day: Justin Jackson and keep getting an error on Madden 21 on PC through Stream pic.twitter.com/kK1U0OXxHB
v Are MUT PC Servers Down? RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR  Trying to do the Star Of The Day: Justin Jackson and keep getting an error on Madden 21 on PC through Stream pic.twitter.com/kK1U0OXxHB
what
I swear  
I swear
I'm sweating
I<unk>
and I swear
to swear
Mahomes easy lol
Mahomes easy lol
Mahomes easy lol
Mahomes died lol
My Mahomes easy lol
really easy lol
How the hell do you decipher between a 98 and a 99. No shot this dude isn’t a 99
"How the hell do you decipher between a 98 and a 99. No
How the hell do you decipher between 98 and 99.
How the hell do you decipher even a 98 and a 99. No shot this dude isn’t a …
How the very hell don't you decipher between a 98 and a 99. No shot unless this dude isn ’ t running a 99
How the hell do you decipher between a 98 and a 99. No shot this just isn’t my test
@EAMaddenNFL  this game so trash pic.twitter.com/sCUc6dtHeB
@ EAMaddenNFL this game so garbage pic.twitter.com / sCUc6dtHeB
@ EAMaddenNFL this game so trash pic.fm / sCUC6HEB
RhandlerR  this game so trash pic.twitter.com/sCUc6dtHeB
Digital RhandlerR  this game so trash pic.twitter.com/sCUc6dtHeB
in
Hey @EAMaddenNFL instead of saying “build the ultimate team” you should just say give us hundreds of dollars or you will never have fun playing online head to head.
"Hey @ EAMaddenNFL
"Hey @ EAMaddenNFL instead of saying ""build a top team
Hey @EAMaddenNFL outside of saying “build some ultimate team” you should just say give us hundreds of dollars or you will never have fun battling online head to head.
Hey @EAMaddenNFL... instead of saying I “ build the ultimate online team ” you really should just say give us hundreds of dollars or else you will never truly have fun playing online going head to head.
Hey @EAMaddenNFL instead than saying “build the ultimate team” you said probably say give us hundreds of dollars and you will never have fun playing for head to head.
@EAMaddenNFL servers down?
@ EAMaddenNFL server shut down?
@ EAMaddenNFL servers down?
@EAMaddenNFL<unk> down?
@EAMaddenNFL the servers down?
our servers down?
@EAMaddenNFL fix your servers the Golden ticket challenges aren't even appearing they were there when I first loaded the game now they are gone
"@ EAMaddenNFL fix your servers the Golden Ticket challenges don't even appear they were there when I first loaded the game
"@ EAMaddenNFL fix your Golden Ticket problem servers don't even show they were there when I first downloaded the game
@EAMaddenNFL fix your servers the Golden ticket challenges aren't re appearing they were there when I first loaded the server now they are gone
Operation @EAMaddenNFL fix for your servers the Golden ticket challenges aren't even appearing they once were over there and when I first loaded the game now they are gone
can fix your servers the Golden ticket challenges da't even appearing they were there when I first loaded the game now quickly appear gone
"@EAMaddenNFL how do I get my packs
"@ EAMaddenNFL how do I get my packs
"@ EAMaddenNFL how do I get my packs
"@EAMaddenNFL how do I get my packs
"@EAMaddenNFL how do I always get in my packs
"@EAMaddenNFL how do I get my packs
The fact that Chris Godwin isn’t even the highest rated WR from Penn State is an absolute travesty
The fact that Chris Godwin is not even Penn State's top-rated WR is an absolute farce
The fact that Chris Godwin doesn't even have the highest WR rating from Penn State is an absolute travesty
The fact that Chris Godwin isn’t even thee highest rated WR under Penn State is an absolute travesty
The fact that our Chris Godwin isn around ’ t even the highest rated WR from Penn State Football is an absolute love travesty
The fact that Chris Godwin stole even the highest rated WR from Penn State is an equal travesty
If somebody told me this was FIFA 20 gameplay clips I'd have believed them... . So much for next gen hyped died already
"If someone had told me that these are FIFA 20 gameplay clips
"If someone had told me that these were 20 FIFA game clippings
If somebody told me this was FIFA 20 gameplay clips I'd have believed them.... So much until next years hyped died already
If have somebody told me this was FIFA 20 gameplay clips again I'l d have definitely believed them.... So how much story for next gen hyped died already
If somebody told me this was FIFA 14 gameplay features I'd have written them.... So much on next gen hyped died already
So unlike the Sendejo you can’t make Heath Cowboys chem? That’s so stupid. @MaddenNFLDirect @EASPORTS_MUT @EAMaddenNFL @Jstein2469
This is so stupid. @ MaddenNFLDirect @ EASPORTS _ MUT @ EAMaddenNFL @ Jstein2469
"So
So unlike Eagles Sendejo you can’t make Heath Cowboys better? That’s so stupid. @MaddenNFLDirect RA @EASPORTS_MUT @EAMaddenNFL
So unlike the first Sendejo you who can now ’ t make Heath Cowboys chem? That dude ’ fucking s so totally stupid. @MaddenNFLDirect and @EASPORTS_MUT @EAMaddenNFL @Jstein2469
be unlike Ray Sendejo you can’t taste wine by chem? That’s so stupid. @MaddenNFLDirect @EASPORTS_MUT @EAMaddenNFL @Jstein2469
Bought 4 backs on Madden 21 for my MUT and they arent showing in unopened backs.... @EASPORTS_MUT @EAMaddenNFL @EA @EAHelp
Bought 4 backs on Madden 21 for my MUD and they are not shown in unopened backs.... @ EASPORTS _ MUT @ EAMaddenNFL @ EA @ EAHelp
Bought 4 backs on Madden 21 for my MUT and they aren't showing in open backs.... @ EASPORTS _ MUT @ EAMaddenNFL @ EA @ EAHelp
Bought 4 backs on Madden 21 for my MUT and they arent showing in their backs.... s @EASPORTS_MUT F @EAMaddenNFL
Bought 4 backs played on Team Madden by 21 for being my MUT and they just arent really showing through in unopened backs.... @EASPORTS_MUT @EAMaddenNFL R @EA @EAHelp
doing double backs on August 21 for my MUT and they started sending in unopened backs.... @EASPORTS_MUT @EAMaddenNFL CR @EA
"Dear @EASPORTS_MUT @EAMaddenNFL 
"Dear @ EASPORTS _ MUT @ EAMaddenNFL
"I know I speak for many players (especially @ SwampLife95 @ RobDaBoss21) when I say that if you run and dive every game
"Dear @EASPORTS_MUT @EAMaddenNFL
"His Dear @EASPORTS_MUT @EAMaddenNFL
"Dear @EASPORTS_MUT who
"@EAMaddenNFL the disrespect to Baltimore is unreal. 14-3
"@ EAMaddenNFL's disrespect to Baltimore is unreal. 14-3
"@ EAMaddenNFL disrespect to Baltimore is unreal. 14-3
"@EAMaddenNFL owing disrespect to Baltimore is unreal. 14-3
"... @EAMaddenNFL the great disrespect shown to Baltimore is truly unreal. They 14 - 0 3
"@EAMaddenNFL the journey toward Baltimore is unreal. Almost-3
Ok @EAMaddenNFL How is Lamar Jackson more aware than Aaron Rodgers and Tom Brady that sums it up right there when it comes to your ratings system which is nothing but popularity over true productivity and logic @Equipment_Guru @Swami_EA @BayStunna @ShutdownSafety
"Ok @ EAMaddenNFL How is Lamar Jackson more aware than Aaron Rodgers and Tom Brady
"Ok @ EAMaddenNFL How Lamar Jackson is more knowledgeable than Aaron Rodgers and Tom Brady
Ok @EAMaddenNFL How is Lamar Jackson SO aware over Aaron Rodgers and Tom Brady that sums it up right there when it comes to your ratings system This is nothing but popularity over true substance and logic @Equipment_Guru @Swami_EA OK @BayStunna
Ok 5 @EAMaddenNFL 16 How is Lamar Jackson more so aware than Aaron Rodgers and Tom Brady which that sums it up right there when actually it comes to your ratings and system something which is nothing fresh but popularity over true pop productivity and logic @Equipment_Guru @Swami_EA @BayStunna 1 @ShutdownSafety
Ok @EAMaddenNFL How is Lamar Beaumont more talented than Aaron Rodgers and Tom Clancy that sums it up right there when it comes to the ratings<unk> It is nothing but popularity over true productivity and logic @Equipment_Guru Yes @Swami_EA Well
"@EAMaddenNFL giving @AustinEkeler a 70 strength rating is Mad Disrespectful
"@ EAMaddenNFL @ AustinEkeler giving a strength of 70 is insanely disrespectful
"@ EAMaddenNFL giving @ AustinEfer a rating of 70 is Mad Discussive
"@EAMaddenNFL giving @AustinEkeler a 70 strength rating is Mad Disrespectful
"While @EAMaddenNFL giving @AustinEkeler a 70 strength a rating is Mad Disrespectful
"@EAMaddenNFL giving them a 70 strength I is Mad Disrespectful
I legit can't play M20 anymore. So many bugs and gameplay issues. That YT series is over until M21. Oh and  
I admit that I can't play M20 anymore. So many bugs and game problems. This YT series is over until M21. Oh and
I legit can't play M20 anymore. So many bugs and gameplay issues. That YT series is over until M21. Oh and
I legit can't play them anymore. So many bugs and gameplay issues. Now YT series is over until M21. Oh and
I am legit can't play M20 anymore. So many bugs and widespread gameplay design issues. That new YT series series is over until M21. But Oh and
I legit can't play M20 drama. So 5 bugs early gameplay issues. Finally YT series is over until M21. Oh and
 
It is not the first time that the EU Commission has taken such a step.
"At the same time



"@EA not only has the worst game in @EAMaddenNFL
"@ EA has not only the worst game in @ EAMaddenNFL
"@ EA not only has the worst game in the @ EAMaddenNFL
"@EA not only has the worst implementation in @EAMaddenNFL
"@EA not only again has gotten the worst game in @EAMaddenNFL
"have not also has the worst game in @EA
@EAMaddenNFL wtf is this garbage ass sound track??? Smh lazy asses copy and paste songs from last year and then include some garbage ass songs that NOBODY listens to
@ EAMaddenNFL wtf is this garbage-ass soundtrack??? Smh lazy asses copy and paste songs from last year and then include some garbage-ass songs that no one hears
@ EAMaddenNFL wtf is this garbage ass sound track??? Smh lazy passes copy and paste songs from last year and then include some garbage ass songs that NOBODY live to
@EAMaddenNFL wtf is this garbage based sound track??? Smh lazy programmers copy and print songs from last year and then include some garbage ass songs that NOBODY listens to
@EAMaddenNFL... wtf think is this some garbage ass sound track??? Smh lazy asses copy and paste songs from last year and then include just some garbage... ass of songs already that NOBODY listens in to
@EAMaddenNFL wtf is this garbage ass sound system Smh lazy asses copy and paste songs born last year and fucking include other garbage ass tracks that NOBODY sounds to
@EAMaddenNFL  
@ EAMaddenNFL
@ EAMaddenNFL
@EAMaddenNFL
1 @EAMaddenNFL
do
The disrespect for Keenan is real
The disrespect for Keenan is real
Contempt for Keenan is real
The disrespect for victims is real
... The disrespect for Ian Keenan is real
The feeling for Keenan is real
"Madden NFL 21. [PS4 - 65] metacritic.com/game/playstati…. [XONE - 69] metacritic.com/game/xbox-one/…. [PC] metacritic.com/game/pc/madden…. GameSpot: ""With far more technical issues than normal and large chunks of recycled content
"Madden NFL 21. [PS4 - 65] metacritic.com / game / playstati.... [XONE - 69] metacritic.com / game / xbox-one /.... [PC] metacritic.com / game / pc / madden.... GameSpot: ""With far more technical problems than normal and large amounts of recycled content
"Madden NFL 21. [PS4 - 65] metacritic.com / game / playstati.... [XONE - 69] metacritic.com / game / xbox-one /.... [PC] metacritic.com / game / pc / madden.... GameSpot: ""With far more technical issues than normal and large chunks of recycled content
"Madden NFL Vol. 18 - 65] twitch.com/game/playstati…. [XONE - 85] youtube.com/game/xbox-one/…. [PC] metacritic.com/game/pc/madden…. GameSpot: ""With far more compatibility issues than normal and large chunks of recycled material
"of Madden NFL 21. [ PS4 - SD 65 ] metacritic. com / game / playstati …. [ XONE - CD 69 ] metacritic. com / main game / xbox - one / …. [ PC ] game metacritic. com / game / pc / madden …. GameSpot : "" With far more technical sound issues ongoing than normal and large chunks of already recycled content
"Madden 2016 21. [PS4 - 65] metacritic.com/game/playstati.... [XONE - 15] metacritic.com/game/xbox-one/.... +] metacritic.com/game/pc/madden.... GameSpot: ""With far more pressing issues than normal and large errors like deleted footage
Fire all the creators and editors of @EAMaddenNFL. 0 effort on improving last years platform. It’s a $70 roster update. Absolutely pathetic.
Sacked all creators and editors of @ EAMaddenNFL. 0 efforts to improve the platform of last year. It's a roster update worth $70. Absolutely pathetic.
Sacking all the creators and editors of @ EAMaddenNFL. 0 efforts to improve the platform of the past years. This $70 roster upgrade. Absolutely pathetic.
Fire all the creators and editors of @EAMaddenNFL. 0 effort or improving that years lore. It’s a $70 roster update. Absolutely pathetic.
9 Fire all the creators and editors of our @EAMaddenNFL. 0 effort on our improving last years platform. 9 It finally ’ s a $ 70 roster update. Absolutely... pathetic.
Fire all the players from editors behind @EAMaddenNFL. 0 effort on improving last days platform. It’s a $70 roster effort. Absolutely pathetic.
Cmon wit this BS y’all wait until I’m gambling to mess the servers up!!!!! @EAMaddenNFL fix the servers !!! Y’all ridiculous
Cmon wit this BS y'all wait until I'm gambling to mess the servers up!!!!! @ EAMaddenNFL fix the servers!!! Y'all ridiculous
Cmon wit this BS y'all wait until I'm gambling to mess the servers up!!!! @ EAMaddenNFL fix the servers!!! Y'all incredible
Cmon wit this.. y’all wait until I’m gambling to mess the website up!!!!! Please fix the servers!!! Y’all ridiculous
... Cmon wit the this at BS y ’ all wait until I ’ la m gambling to mess al the servers up!!!!! @EAMaddenNFL fix the servers!!! Yes Y they ’ all ridiculous
Cmon wit this BS y’all wait until double gambling to pick the room up!!!!! @EAMaddenNFL x the prices!!! Y’all ridiculous
List is trash without Minkah
List is garbage without Minkah
List of thrash without Minka
List is trash labelled Minkah
This List is trash without Minkah
List is trash if Minkah
The Gordon and Saquon disrespect
The disrespect of Gordon and Saquon
Disrespect for Gordon and Sakuon
The Drake and Saquon disrespect
Or The characters Gordon and Saquon disrespect
The Wolf and Saquon disrespect
@EAMaddenNFL @EASPORTS   EA has the worst customer advisors and customer service!
@ EAMaddenNFL @ EASPORTS EA has the worst customer service!
@ EAMaddenNFL @ EASPORTS EA has the worst customer service consultants and customer service!
@EAMaddenNFL @EASPORTS   EA has have worst customer advisors and customer service!
@EAMaddenNFL @EASPORTS EA has the worst rated customer advisors system and customer consultation service!
@EAMaddenNFL @EASPORTS EA has literally worst customer advisors and expert service!
@EAHelp @EAMaddenNFL @EASPORTS_MUT @MaddenNFLDirect I watch all of the taping last night an 0 tokens for the second week. In a row. I have just given up on this because there is so many problems with us getting the drops for watching this.  
@ EAHelp @ EAMaddenNFL @ EASPORTS _ MUT @ MaddenNFLDirect I look at the whole record last night and the 0 tokens for the second week in a row. I just gave it up because there are so many problems with it that we get the drops for it.
@ EAHelp @ EAMaddenNFL @ EASPORTS _ MUT @ MaddenNFL Direct I watch all of the taping last night an 0 tokens for the second week. In a row. I have just given on this because there is so many problems with us getting the drops for watching this.
@EAHelp @EAMaddenNFL @EASPORTS_MUT @MaddenNFLDirect - watch one of the taping last night an 0 tokens for the second week. In a row. I have truly given up on this thing there is so many problems with us getting the drops for rigging this.
@EAHelp @EAMaddenNFL R @EASPORTS_MUT @MaddenNFLDirect I watch all of the taping last night an 0 0 tokens for the record second week. In hardly a successful row. However I have only just given up on this because obviously there is already so many problems with us getting the negative drops for watching this.
@EAHelp @EAMaddenNFL @EASPORTS_MUT @MaddenNFLDirect I watch all on the taping Monday night an 0 picked up the second week. In a letter. Someone have just given up on me because there is so a problems with us getting the drops for watching an.
"@EAMaddenNFL I ain’t a player... but I got a Beef wit y’all
"@ EAMaddenNFL I ain't a player... but I got a beef wit y'all
"@ EAMaddenNFL I am not a player... but I got a Beef wit y'all
"@EAMaddenNFL I ain’t a player... i just keep on Beef wit y’all
"@EAMaddenNFL I ain ’ t a player... but I got a Johnny Beef wit y ’ all
"@EAMaddenNFL I have a player... but I sense a Beef in y’all
@EAMaddenNFL explain why my player didn’t catch it but it made the catching noise about 10 times like he was juggling it ?? I serve some MUT points for this and this wasn’t a MUT game !
"@ EAMaddenNFL explain why my player didn't catch it
@ EAMaddenNFL explain why my player didn't catch him but he made a noise about 10 times as if he was juggling them??
@EAMaddenNFL explain why my player didn’t move it because it made the catching noise about 10 times like he was juggling it?? I serve some MUT points because this and this wasn’t a MUT anymore!
@EAMaddenNFL explain it why my player didn almost ’ t catch it but it only made the catching complete noise for about thirty 10 times like he accidentally was juggling it?? I serve some MUT points for this and remember this wasn ’ t truly a MUT game!
@EAMaddenNFL<unk> why my player not catch it but it kept the catching noise after 10 times like he was juggling it?? I got out 2 points for this and this wasn’t a MUT game!
That bull @MichaelVick  a problem!! @EAMaddenNFL @EASPORTS @SportsCenter
This bull @ MichaelVick a problem!! @ EAMaddenNFL @ EASPORTS @ SportsCenter
This bull @ HelVick is a problem!! @ EAMaddenNFL @ EASPORTS @ EASPORTS
That made @MichaelVick  a problem!! @EAMaddenNFL @EASPORTS @SportsCenter
That red bull proved @MichaelVick a great problem!! F @EAMaddenNFL @EASPORTS @SportsCenter
grey bull @MichaelVick no problem!! @EAMaddenNFL @EASPORTS that
"First time in 2 decades that I didn't buy @EAMaddenNFL. I played the 10 hours on @EA Play and was underwhelmed. Take note @NFL
"For the first time in 2 decades I did not buy @ EAMaddenNFL. I played the 10 hours on @ EA Play and was overwhelmed. Note @ NFL
For the first time in 2 decades I didn't buy @ EAMaddenNFL. I played 10 hours on @ EA Play and was shocked.
"First times in 2 decades that I didn't download @EAMaddenNFL. I played the 10 hours on @EA Play and was underwhelmed. Take your @NFL
"First time in 2 straight decades that I didn't buy @EAMaddenNFL. I played out the 10 ¹⁄₂ hours on @EA Play radio and was clearly underwhelmed. For Take into note @NFL
"First time in some decades that I didn't buy the. I played the several hours on @EAMaddenNFL Play and was excited. Take note @EA
@EAMaddenNFL y’all really REALLY need to fix madden 21 the fuckery is really bogus
@ EAMaddenNFL y'all really need to fix madden 21 the fuckery is really mogus
@ EAMaddenNFL y'all really REALLY need to fix madden 21 the fuckery is really bogus
@EAMaddenNFL y’all really REALLY know to forget madden 21 the fuckery is really bogus
@EAMaddenNFL y ’ all things really REALLY need to a fix madden 21 So the fuckery shit is not really bogus
@EAMaddenNFL y’all really REALLY need to fix madden 21 trash movie is actually bogus
Wanna know how I know madden doesn't do their homework and due diligence? Yall pay 60 bucks for this trash?
Want to know how I know that maniacs don't do their homework and due diligence? Yall pays 60 dollars for this trash?
Want to know how I know Madden doesn't do his homework and diet properly? Would you pay 60 bucks for that cod?
Wanna know how I know madden doesn't mind their homework and due diligence? Maybe pay 60 bucks for this trash?
Wanna know how I know madden doesn't do well their homework homework and due diligence? Can Yall pay ya 60 bucks for driving this trash?
Wanna know how I know one doesn't use her homework and due diligence? Yall pay 60 bucks for your trash?
@EricRayweather @ProblemWright @EAMaddenNFL WTF man!!! pic.twitter.com/FXVX1ofyKU
@ EricRayweather @ EAMaddenNFL WTF man!!! pic.twitter.com / FXVX1ofyKU
@ EricRayweather @ Wright @ EAMaddenNFL WTF man!!! pic.fm / FXVX1ofyKU
RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR WTF man!!! pic.twitter.com/FXVX1ofyKU
in RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR WTF man!!! pic.twitter.com/FXVX1ofyKU
not
I. Am. Weak. Af🤣🤣🤣. 
I. Am. Weak. Af.
I. Am. Weak. Af Freddie.
I. Am. Weak. Shit.
With I. Am. Weak. [UNK].
That. Am. Weak. Af<unk>.
@EASPORTS_MUT @EAHelp @MaddenNFLDirect @EAMaddenNFL  why can’t I play... like how is this acceptable? pic.twitter.com/iNvzWQgrxw
@ EASPORTS _ MUT @ EAHelp @ MaddenNFLDirect @ EAMaddenNFL Why can't I play... how is that acceptable? pic.twitter.com / iNvzWQgrxw
@ EASPORTS _ MUT @ EAHelp @ MaddenNNFDirect @ EAMaddenNFL why can't I play... like how acceptable is that? pic.wikipedia.com / iNvzWQgrxw
RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR  why can’t I play... like how is this acceptable? pic.twitter.com/iNvzWQgrxw
and RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR  why can’t I play... like how is this acceptable? pic.twitter.com/iNvzWQgrxw
will
Madden is pissing me off these days. New video tonight . .. .. .. .. .. .  
Madden pisses on me these days. New video tonight............
Madden is pissing me off these days. New video tonight.................
Madden is pissing me off all days. New video tonight..............
Wesley Madden Parker is pissing me totally off just these days. Two New video tonight............
Madden and pissing me off those days. you guys tonight............
"@EAMaddenNFL Code dropping huh. People love free product
@ EAMaddenNFL code dropping huh. People love free product even if its flawed
"@ EAMaddenNFL Code dropping huh. People love free product
"@EAMaddenNFL Code dropping huh. People love free product
"@EAMaddenNFL the Code dropping huh. People actually love free product
"@EAMaddenNFL were dropping huh. People love free products
@EAMaddenNFL did y’all finally upgrade franchise mode? Y’all stuff has been TRASH
@ EAMaddenNFL has y'all finally updated the franchise mode? Y'all stuff has been TRASH
@ EAMaddenNFL did y'all finally upgrade franchise mode? Y'all stuff has been TRASH
@EAMaddenNFL did y’all finally upgrade franchise mode? Y’all this has been weird
@EAMaddenNFL did y ou ’ all finally upgrade franchise mode? Y ’ all real stuff has now been in TRASH
@EAMaddenNFL did y’all else upgrade franchise titles? Y’all it has been TRASH
THIS IS MAJOR!!!!!!!!!
THIS IS MALLY!!!!!!!!!
THIS WORKING!!!!!!!!!!
THIS IS ALL
And THIS... IS ON MAJOR!!!!!!!!!
THIS THE MAJOR!!!!!!!!!
Oops... I went on a  .  
Oops... I went for one.
Oops... I went on a.
Oops... I stepped on a .
Oops... I immediately went on to a.
Oops... I went for a.
@EASPORTS_MUT @EAMaddenNFL . My 10 hours just ended in the middle of a game. I am sad. 10 hours isn't enough y'all.
@ EASPORTS _ MUT @ EAMaddenNFL. My 10 hours just ended in the middle of a game. I'm sad. 10 hours is not enough.
@ EASPORTS _ MUT @ EAMaddenNFL. My 10 hours just ended in the middle of a game. I am sad. 10 hours is not enough y'all.
@EASPORTS_MUT @EAMaddenNFL | That 10 hours just ended in the middle of a game. I am upset. 10 hours isn't enough y'all.
1 @EASPORTS_MUT @EAMaddenNFL. 7 My 10 hours just ended in the middle game of a game. Now I so am sad. 10 total hours isn't enough y'are all.
playing @EASPORTS_MUT. My 10 hours just ended in empty middle for a game. me am sad. 10 hours isn't enough y'all.
Inserting Katie Nolan means this probably will stink
Katie Nolan's insertion means this is likely to stink
Katy's inclusion means it probably stinks
Inserting Katie Nolan into this probably will stink
Inserting into Katie Nolan to means this probably will stink
Inserting Katie Nolan Like this probably will stink
This is without a doubt the worst position ratings so far.... no Minkah? No Simmons?? No Eddie Jackson??????
This is without a doubt the worst placement rate ever.... no Minkah? no Simmons?? no Eddie Jackson??????
This is without a doubt the worst ranking position so far.... no Minka? no Simmons?? no Eddie Jackson????
This is without a doubt Mavericks worst in ratings so far.... no Minkah? No Simmons?? No Eddie Jackson??????
Now This is without a doubt the worst in position ratings so... far.... no in Minkah? No Simmons?? then No Eddie in Jackson??????
Tour is without a doubt the worst album ratings for far.... no Minkah? Bill Simmons?? No Eddie Jackson??????
One of the MANY reasons why Madden is a sorry ass game.
One of the MANY reasons Madden is a sad ass.
One of the many reasons Madden is a miserable ass.
One amongst the MANY reasons why Madden is a sorry ass game.
One of many the MANY reasons why Madden is attempting a sorry... ass game.
another of the MANY reasons why Madden became a sorry ass game.
Damn RIP to @LarryFitzgerald I didn’t even realize he had passed away this offseason . 
Damn RIP to @ LarryFitzgerald I didn't even know he had passed away this offseason.
Damn RIP to @ LarryFitzgerald I didn't even realize he passed away this offseason.
Damn RIP to @LarryFitzgerald I never even realize he nearly passed away this offseason.
Damn you RIP to get @LarryFitzgerald I didn ’ t even realize he really had passed something away this offseason.
Damn RIP to @LarryFitzgerald I didn’t even realize Jeff had moved away in offseason.
@EAMaddenNFL @ClintOldenburg I haven’t been able to load up the game after the update what’s up w that? Stuck on loading screen  
"@ EAMaddenNFL @ ClintOldenburg I wasn't able to load the game after the update
@ EAMaddenNFL @ Clintburg I haven't been able to load up the game after the update what's up w that? Stuck on loading screen
@EAMaddenNFL @ClintOldenburg people haven’t been able to load out the game after the update what’s up w that? Stuck on loading screen
@EAMaddenNFL 10 @ClintOldenburg I really haven of ’ t been able to load up the game after the update And what ’ head s up w that? 1 Stuck on loading screen
<unk> @EAMaddenNFL I haven’t been there to load up the game after the event what’s wrong w that? Stuck in loading screen
@EAMaddenNFL what’s going on with the servers? 2 days in a row I can’t access madden.
@ EAMaddenNFL what's wrong with the servers? 2 days in a row I can't access the madness.
@ EAMaddenNFL what's going on with the servers? 2 days in a row I can't access madden.
@EAMaddenNFL what’s going on with the firewall? 2 days in a row I can’t access logs.
@EAMaddenNFL what ’ s going on with the servers? Scene 2 Three days in a row plus I still can ’ t access even madden.
@EAMaddenNFL what’s going on with the heart? 5 days at a row I can’t access madden.
@EAMaddenNFL your game is fucking trash!!!!!!! Delete it sell your license Jesus Christ it can’t be this hard to make a fucking decent football game
@ EAMaddenNFL your game is damn rubbish!!!!!! Delete it sell your license Jesus Christ it can't be that hard to make a damn decent football game
@ EAMaddenNFL your game is fucking trash!!!!! Delete it sell your license Jesus Christ it can't be this hard to make a fucking decent football game
@EAMaddenNFL your game is fucking trash!!!!!!! Delete license sell back license Jesus Christ it can’t be this hard now make a fucking decent football game
And @EAMaddenNFL your game is fucking trash!!!!!!! Delete and it sell your license then Jesus Christ it probably can still ’ t be this hard to make a really fucking full decent football game
@EAMaddenNFL your game is fucking horrible Delete it sell my fucking Jesus Christ it can’t become this hard to make a fucking decent football game
Gee. I didn't realize Madden NFL needed QBs for their practice squads in the game. (And he would still suck).
Gee. I didn't know Madden needed NFL QBs for their practice squads in the game. (And he would still suck).
J. I didn't realize that the Madden NFL needed QBs for their practice teams in the game. (And it will still suck.)
Gee. I didn't realize Madden NFL needed QBs for their Fantasy squads in real game. (And he would still suck).
Gee. I didn't realize Madden most NFL players needed QBs for starting their whole practice squads in the game. ( 19 And he would still... suck ).
Gee. I also't realize Madden NFL needed QBs for their practice squads in their game. (And that could still suck).
Larry Fitzgerald not being in the top 3 on this list is an absolute travesty
Not being Larry Fitzgerald in the top three on this list is an absolute travesty
Larry Fitzgerald's absence from the top three is an absolute travesty
Larry Fitzgerald not being in your top 3 on this list is an absolute travesty
Larry Fitzgerald not being in the top number 3 on this new list is an utter absolute travesty
Larry Fitzgerald not being in his top 3 under this list is an absolute travesty
This why I stopped playing Madden .  this shit use to get under my skin
That's why I stopped playing Madden.
That's why I stopped playing Madden. This crap is used to get under my skin
This why I stopped playing Madden.  this shit use to sink under my skin
This why when I stopped playing Madden. this shit use to me get under my very skin
This why almost stopped playing Madden. this shit use still get under my skin
@EAMaddenNFL why is the defense is trash ?
@ EAMaddenNFL Why is the defense garbage?
@ EAMaddenNFL why is defense thrash?
@EAMaddenNFL why is run defense is trash?
@EAMaddenNFL is why is the defense which is trash?
@EAMaddenNFL why is solid defense is trash?
@EAMaddenNFL dis shit do not work i want a refund
@ EAMaddenNFL dis shit don't work I want a refund
@ EAMaddenNFL dis shit do not work i want a refund
@EAMaddenNFL dis users do not work i want a refund
@EAMaddenNFL dis shit for do you not work and i want a refund
@EAMaddenNFL dis shit fuck not exist i want a refund
why is madden nfl's music this year actually kinda smack
why is the music of nfl crazy this year?
Why this year's madden nfl music is actually a bit of a blur
why is madden nfl's season this year actually kinda smack
why is madden the nfl's music competition this year actually kinda what smack
why is madden nfl's music this year up so smack
Has @God_Son80 and @obj been playing @EAMaddenNFL The Yard?? THAT TD WAS FILTHY!!!
Did @ God _ Son80 and @ obj @ EAMaddenNFL play The Yard?? THE TD WAS FILTHY!!!
Has @ God _ Son80 and @ obj been playing @ EAMaddenNFL The Yard?? THAT TD WAS FILTHY!!!
Has Marty and @God_Son80 been playing @obj The Yard?? THAT TD IC FILTHY!!!
... Has @God_Son80 not and has @obj only been previously playing @EAMaddenNFL The Yard?? THAT OF TD WAS FILTHY!!!
Has @God_Son80 and you were playing Outside The Yard?? THAT THIS WAS FILTHY!!!
@EAMaddenNFL  You Let Me Down... All I Wanted Was The  
@ EAMaddenNFL you have let me down... All I wanted was the
@ EAMaddenNFL You Let Me Down... All I Wanted was the
@EAMaddenNFL  You Let Me Down... All I Wanted In The
@EAMaddenNFL You Let All Me Down... All I Just Wanted Was Not The
@EAMaddenNFL You Let Me Down... Everything I Wanted From The
Y’all really just don’t give a fuck huh @EASPORTS ??? This the same exact game from the past 4 years 🤣🤣
Y'all don't give a fuck huh @ EASPORTS??? The same game from the last 4 years.
"And really
Y’all really DO don’t give a fuck huh @EASPORTS<unk> This the same exact game from the past 3 years 🤣🤣
Y ’ all really OK just don e ’ t t give a fuck what huh @EASPORTS??? This the same exact card game from the past for 4 years [UNK]
Y’all totally just gonna give a fuck huh @EASPORTS??? This the the exact game from the past 35 years <unk>
If @Mathieu_Era doesn’t have an xfactor ability in @EAMaddenNFL 21 just throw the whole game away stop the disrespect
"If @ Mathieu _ Era doesn't have Xfactor ability in @ EAMaddenNFL 21
"If @ Maju _ Era doesn't have the ability xfactor in @ EAMaddenNF21 just throw the whole game away
If @Mathieu_Era doesn’t have an xfactor inside in first 21 just throw the whole game away stop the disrespect
If @Mathieu_Era doesn ’ don t have an improved xfactor ability in @EAMaddenNFL Gaming 21 you just throw the whole first game away stop the complete disrespect
If who doesn’t get an amazing ability in @Mathieu_Era should just throw the whole game away stop the disrespect
@EASPORTS_MUT @EAMaddenNFL @EASPORTS soooooooo this been like this for a week now I would love to switch up my abilities on defense since it’s so much bs you gotta guard in this game...🤦. ‍. 🤦. ‍. 🤦. ‍. 🤬🤬🤬 pic.twitter.com/XeMH1IGUYX
@ EASPORTS _ MUT @ EAMaddenNFL @ EASPORTS soooooooo this has been going on for a week now I would like to change my skills on defense because it is so important that you have to be careful in this game....... pic.twitter.com / XeMH1IGUYX
@ EASPORTS _ MUT @ EAMaddenNFL @ EASPORTS sooooo for a week now I'd like to switch my skills to defense because it means so much that you play from defense...
RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR soooooooo this been like this for a week now I would love to switch up my abilities on defense since it’s so much bs you gotta guard in this game...🤦. ‍. 🤦. ‍. 🤦. ‍. 🤬🤬🤬 pic.twitter.com/XeMH1IGUYX
See RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR soooooooo this been like this for a week now I would love to switch up my abilities on defense since it’s so much bs you gotta guard in this game...🤦. ‍. 🤦. ‍. 🤦. ‍. 🤬🤬🤬 pic.twitter.com/XeMH1IGUYX
in
What the fuck is this shit??  @EAMaddenNFL pic.twitter.com/HRHwq4QTux
What the hell is this shit?? @ EAMaddenNFL pic.twitter.com / HRHwq4QTux
What the fuck is this shit?? @ EAMaddenNFL pic.fm /??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
What the fuck is this shit??  RhandlerR pic.twitter.com/HRHwq4QTux
the What the fuck is this shit??  RhandlerR pic.twitter.com/HRHwq4QTux
in
Not mine!
Not mine!
Not mine!
Not yet!
Not really mine!
Not To!
The sad truth about madden youtu.be/mxR-YbJx2cs via @YouTube  
The sad truth about crazy youtu.be / mxR-YbJx2cs via @ YouTube
The sad truth about madden youtu.be / mxR-YbJx2D via @ YouTube
The sad truth about evolution youtu.be/mxR-YbJx2cs via Getty
... The new sad ugly truth about it madden youtu. be / are mxR - YbJx2cs via @YouTube
most sad truth has madden the.be/mxR-YbJx2cs via a
@EAMaddenNFL how do you manage to make a game so bad
@ EAMaddenNFL How do you make a game so bad?
@ EAMaddenNFL how do you manage to make a game so bad
@EAMaddenNFL how do you manage to make a podcast so bad
@EAMaddenNFL how do you guys manage to make it a game so bad
@EAMaddenNFL how do you manage and make a game so hard
"@EASPORTS @EAMaddenNFL Let me clarify things. When I tweet you
"@ EASPORTS @ EAMaddenNFL Let me be clear. When I tweet you
"@ EASPORTS @ EAMaddenNFL Let me be clear. When I tweet you
"@EASPORTS @EAMaddenNFL Let me define things. When I tweet racism
"@EASPORTS @EAMaddenNFL Let me me please clarify things. When I tweet you
"<unk> @EASPORTS Let me clarify again. When I tweet you
I won’t believe it til i see it ..  
I won't believe it until I see it.
I won't believe it til i see it.
I won’t believe tha til i see it..
I won would ’ t believe it til soon i see it..
it won’t believe it til i see one..
Disrespectful asl for not even putting Larry in the Top 10. Madden dumb as hell
Irreverent because Larry didn't even make the top 10. Madden stupid as hell
It's a shame Larry didn't even make the Top 10. Crazy stupid as hell
Disrespectful asl for not even putting Larry in the Top Four. Madden dumb as hell
Disrespectful asl guy for basically not ever even putting Larry in the Top 10. Madden dumb as freaking hell
Disrespectful asl for for even putting Larry in the Top 10. Madden dumb as<unk>
The menu speed this year is atrocious. @EAMaddenNFL
The speed this year is horrendous. @ EAMaddenNFL
Menu speed this year atrophied. @ EAMaddenNFL
The menu committee this year is atrocious. @EAMaddenNFL
The monthly menu speed this calendar year is atrocious. @EAMaddenNFL
and menu speed of year is atrocious. @EAMaddenNFL
"@EASPORTS @EAMaddenNFL your product is a fucking joke
"@ EASPORTS @ EAMaddenNFL Your product is a damn joke
"@ EASPORTS @ EAMaddenNFL your product is a fucking joke
"@EASPORTS @EAMaddenNFL your product became a fucking joke
"@EASPORTS no @EAMaddenNFL your product is just a fucking joke
"@EASPORTS @EAMaddenNFL your product is a huge joke
"@EAMaddenNFL question how a 91ovr team supposed to compete with 99ovr over and over again
"@ EAMaddenNFL Ask how a 91ovr team that is supposed to compete with 99ovr over and over again can't even get a decent match until you guys can do so much good with your game
"@ EAMaddenNFL question how team 91ovr should compete with 99ovr again and again
"@EAMaddenNFL question because a 91ovr it supposed to compete with 99ovr over and over again
"@EAMaddenNFL question it how a 91ovr team supposed to compete only with 99ovr over and over again
"@EAMaddenNFL question how a 91ovr team supposed to compete after yourself time and over again
@EAMaddenNFL just got stuck on a loading screen in premium draft. Gave me an L and I’m out 15k coins+ depending on how far I could have gotten
@ EAMaddenNFL just got stuck on a charging screen in Premium Draft. Gived me an L and I'm off 15k coins + depending on how far I could have come
@ EAMaddenNFL just got stuck on the boot screen in the premium draft.
@EAMaddenNFL UN became stuck on a loading screen at premium draft. Gave me an L and I’m out 15k coins+ depending on how far I could have gotten
@EAMaddenNFL just got me stuck on using a simple loading screen screen even in premium draft. Gave me an L and I ’ m tapped out 15k coins + depending somehow on how far I could have gotten
@EAMaddenNFL just stuck stuck on a loading screen in a draft. Get me a X and I’m out 15k coins+ depending on how far I could have gotten
DOG! Wtf is Vick doing?
DOG! Wtf is Vick?
DOG! Wtf is Vick doing?
DOG! Wtf Chris Vick doing?
Double DOG! Wtf think is Vick doing?
D! Wtf is Vick doing?
@EAMaddenNFL @Equipment_Guru  @ClintOldenburg YOOO I THOUGHT YALL FIXED THIS BS  @camdasilva @RamsNFL @Chargers  @ShutdownSafety   
@ EAMaddenNFL @ Equipment _ Guru @ ClintOldenburg YOOO I THOGHT YALL FIXED THIS BS @ camdasilva @ RamsNFL @ Chargers @ ShutdownSafety
@ EAMaddenNFL @ Equipment _ Guru @ Clintburg YOOO I THOUGHT YALL FIXED THIS @ camdasilva @ RamsNFL @ Chargers @ ShutdownSafety
"@EAMaddenNFL @Equipment_Guru  @ClintOldenburg YOOO I THOUGHT YALL FIXED THIS BS  @camdasilva "" Me  Me"
AN @EAMaddenNFL SA @Equipment_Guru N @ClintOldenburg W YOOO NO I THOUGHT YALL YOU FIXED THIS ON BS @camdasilva @RamsNFL N @Chargers NE @ShutdownSafety
@EAMaddenNFL Y @Equipment_Guru YOOO I THOUGHT LA FIXED my BS @ClintOldenburg what CAN YOU
How is it the year of 2020 and they still can’t make dreads look realistic . 
"What is 2020 like
"As it is 2020
How<unk> it the year of 2020 and they still can’t make dreads look realistic???
How is they it the full year of 2020 and they still can ’ go t make dreads look realistic.
minute is it the year of 2020 and yet still can’t make it look realistic.
@EAMaddenNFL is the biggest bullshit I’ve ever seen. The game physics don’t make sense. Game is absolute fucking dog shit. Fix it.
@ EAMaddenNFL is the biggest bullshit I've ever seen. Game physics doesn't make sense. The game is absolute bullshit.
@ EAMaddenNFL is the biggest crap I've ever seen.
@EAMaddenNFL has the biggest mistake I’ve ever seen. The game physics don’t make sense. Game is absolute bad dog shit. Fix it.
@EAMaddenNFL is the biggest bullshit I ’ ve really ever seen. The idea game physics don tell ’ t make sense. Game reality is absolute fucking dog dog shit. Fix it.
<unk> is the biggest bullshit I’ve ever met. The game physics don’t make sense. Game with absolute fucking dog fighting. Fix that.
So this is where all your funding for Franchise is going?  Into a lesser NFL Street that’ll never be NFL Street?  Still not buying your shitty ass game  
So that's where all your money goes for franchises? To a smaller NFL Street that will never be an NFL Street? Still not buying your crappy ass game
So where is all your funding going for the franchise? In a smaller NFL Street that will never be an NFL Street? Still not buying your crap ass game.
So this place where all the funding for Franchise is going?  Into a fantasy NFL Street that’ll never be NFL Street?  Still not buying your shitty ass game
So this is about where all your funding for Franchise Products is going? What Into a lesser NFL Street that ’ ll really never wanna be the NFL Street? Still not exactly buying your shitty ass game
So this is where all your funding for Franchise is diverted? Into a lesser NFL Street that’ll never be mentioned anyway? Still even buying one shitty ass game
@EAMaddenNFL so tonight had multiple dy syncs and connection errors fix ur servers
@ EAMaddenNFL so tonight had to fix multiple dy syncs and connection errors ur server
@ EAMaddenNFL so tonight there were some synchronization and connectivity errors fix the servers
@EAMaddenNFL so tonight had multiple dy syncs and the errors fix ur servers
@EAMaddenNFL is so tonight had multiple user dy syncs and two connection errors fix ur The servers
@EAMaddenNFL so tonight had mixed dy syncs and connection thru fix ur servers
"@ClintOldenburg @EAMaddenNFL  hey so I've noticed the formation subs doesn't want to work have the time. You have to go back in and out multiple times to pull things up
"@ ClintOldenburg @ EAMaddenNFL hey
@ Clintburg @ EAMaddenNFey hey so I noticed that formation submarines don't want to work have time.
"@ClintOldenburg @EAMaddenNFL  hey so I've noticed the new subs doesn't want too work have the time. You have to go back in and out multiple times to pull things up
"@ClintOldenburg @EAMaddenNFL hey so I've noticed all the formation in subs doesn't want everyone to work have come the time. You have to go back in in and out almost multiple times to pull their things up
"I @ClintOldenburg hey so I've noticed the formation subs doesn't want to work have the time. You have to be going in and out multiple turns to pull things up
@EAMaddenNFL  please fix your servers. They are awful. getting booted every 5 seconds is really old to me.
@ EAMaddenNFL please fix your servers. They are awful. getting booted every 5 seconds is really old for me.
@ EAMaddenNFL please fix your server.They are awful. getting booted every 5 seconds is really old to me.
@EAMaddenNFL  please fix your bugs. They are awful. Having booted every 5 seconds is really old to me.
@EAMaddenNFL please fix your servers. They are awful. getting you booted every last 5 thousand seconds is becoming really old to bite me.
@EAMaddenNFL please fix My<unk>. They are awful. getting booted every 5 seconds is really old to crack.
@EAMaddenNFL I CANT BELIEVE I HAD TO MAKE ANOTHER ACCOUNT JUST TO GET TO YALL CLOWNS
"@ EAMaddenNFL I CAN BELIEVE
@ EAMaddenNFL I CANT BELLEVE I HAN THE MOD THE MODE ANOTHE COUNT JUST TO GET TO YALL CLOWER
@EAMaddenNFL I CANT BELIEVE I HAD TO MAKE ANOTHER ACCOUNT<unk> TO GET 1000 YALL CLOWNS
@EAMaddenNFL I CANT BELIEVE YOU I I HAD YOU TO MAKE ANOTHER THE ACCOUNT JUST IT TO NO GET TO YALL TO CLOWNS
because I CANT BELIEVE INFORMATION RE TO BE ANOTHER ACCOUNT JUST TO GET TO PA CLOWNS
This why madden trash lol
This is why crazy garbage lol
That's why madden trash lol
This IS madden trash lol
R This why madden trash lol
is why madden trash lol
@EAMaddenNFL I lied I’m disappointed . 
"@ EAMaddenNFL I lied
@ EAMaddenNFL I lied I'm disappointed.
@EAMaddenNFL I lied I’m just.
@EAMaddenNFL When I lied I honestly ’ m disappointed.
@EAMaddenNFL I agree I’m disappointed.
But its always hilarious when the end of the year comes and everyone's team is equal to see yall money spenders disappear lol it really shows how trash yall are at the game lmao @EAMaddenNFL @EASPORTS_MUT  
But it's always funny when the end of the year comes and every team is the same to see all the money wasters disappear lol it really shows how garbage yall are at the game lmao @ EAMaddenNFL @ EASPORTS _ MUT
But it's always fun when the end of the year comes and all the teams are equal to see all the money disappear lol it really shows how thrash the yells in the game lmao @ EAMaddenNFL @ EASPORTS _ MUT
But its always hilarious bc the end of the year comes and everyone's team is down i see yall money spenders disappear lol it really says how trash yall are at the game lmao @EAMaddenNFL @EASPORTS_MUT
7 But its always hilarious when only the end of the year comes in and everyone't s winning team is equal to see all yall major money spenders disappear lol it really shows off how trash yall dollars are at the game lmao v @EAMaddenNFL @EASPORTS_MUT
But its always hilarious that the bitch of the year comes because everyone's team is equal to see yall money all disappear lol it seriously shows how trash yall are entering the game lmao Thanks @EAMaddenNFL
I hate Madden like why I always gotta miss my hitstick @EAMaddenNFL
I hate Madden like why I always miss my hitstick @ EAMaddenNFL
I hate Madden as why I always miss my @ EAMaddenNFL chip
I hate Madden like why I always gotta miss another hitstick @EAMaddenNFL
I hate Madden like why I might always have gotta always miss my hitstick @EAMaddenNFL
I run Madden like god I always gotta miss my hitstick @EAMaddenNFL
@EAMaddenNFL why y’all hate franchise players so much what we do to y’all
@ EAMaddenNFL why y'all franchise players hate so much what we do with y'all
@ EAMaddenNFL why y'all hate franchise players so much what we do with y'all
@EAMaddenNFL knows y’all hate my players so much what we do to y’all
@EAMaddenNFL why y ’ all hate its franchise game players so same much what we should do to y ’ all
@EAMaddenNFL why y’all hate franchise players so utterly when we want to y’all
@EAMaddenNFL fix these damn servers
@ EAMaddenNFL fix those damn servers
@ EAMaddenNFL fix these damn servers
@EAMaddenNFL broke these damn servers
But @EAMaddenNFL fix these damn servers
@EAMaddenNFL fix these poor servers
Man I hate you @EAMaddenNFL.... This is not going to fool me. pic.twitter.com/Da7Rbw4pgm
Man I hate you @ EAMaddenNFL.... That won't fool me. pic.twitter.com / Da7Rbw4pgm
Man I hate you @ EAMaddenNFL.... This is not going to fool me. pic.wikipedia.org / Da7Rbw4pgm
Man I hate you RhandlerR.... This is not going to fool me. pic.twitter.com/Da7Rbw4pgm
the Man I hate you RhandlerR.... This is not going to fool me. pic.twitter.com/Da7Rbw4pgm
a
Idk why I'll buy @EAMaddenNFL '21 but y'all need to give the  
"Idk why I'm going to buy @ EAMaddenNFL '21
Idk why I'll buy @ EAMaddenNFL '21 but y'all need to give the
Idk why I'll buy @EAMaddenNFL '21 so y'all need to give the
Well Idk why I'll buy @EAMaddenNFL'21... but y'will all need to really give the
Idk why I'll buy @EAMaddenNFL '21 unless y'all mentioned to give them
"You know why @EAMaddenNFL is dead
"You know why @ EAMaddenNFL is dead
"You know why @ EAMaddenNFL is dead
"You know why @EAMaddenNFL is dead
"You will know why @EAMaddenNFL is dead
"wanna know why @EAMaddenNFL is dead
Madden 21 Shouldn't Promote This youtu.be/36GZh-NRjSQ via @YouTube. Simulation football? @EAMaddenNFL .  
Madden 21 Should not promote this on youtu.be / 36GZh-NRjSQ via @ YouTube. Simulation football? @ EAMaddenNFL.
Madden 21 Should't Professional This youtu.be / 36GZh-NRjSQ via @ YouTube. Football simulation? @ EAMaddenNFL.
Madden 21 Shouldn't Promote This Could.be/36GZh-NRjSQ via @YouTube. Simulation football??<unk>
by Madden Jackson 21 Shouldn't This Promote Me This youtu. com be / r 36GZh - NRjSQ via a @YouTube. t Simulation football? @EAMaddenNFL.
Madden 11 Shouldn't Play This youtu.be/36GZh-NRjSQ of @YouTube. Simulation<unk>?<unk>.
Odell has one of the most disgusting spin displays the nfl has ever seen rethink that particular statement
Odell has one of the most disgusting spin displays the nfl has ever seen to reconsider this particular statement
"Odell has one of the most disgusting spin-offs the NFL has ever seen
Odell has one of the highly bizarre spin displays the nfl has ever seen rethink that particular statement
David Odell has one of the most disgusting disgusting spin displays the nfl has rarely ever since seen rethink that particular statement
Odell has four of the most disgusting spin displays the nfl<unk> not seen rethink that particular statement
How did @EAMaddenNFL make a worst game then @NBA2K ?
How did @ EAMaddenNFL play a worse game than @ NBA2K?
How did @ EAMaddenNFL make a worse game than @ N2K?
How did @EAMaddenNFL make a worst game then score?
How much did firstly @EAMaddenNFL make a good worst game then @NBA2K?
How is @EAMaddenNFL make a worst dog then @NBA2K?
@EAMaddenNFL your game is shit
@ EAMaddenNFL Your game is shit
@ EAMaddenNFL your game is shit
@EAMaddenNFL the game is shit
@EAMaddenNFL your basketball game is shit
@EAMaddenNFL your game is simply
Lots of bugs with Madden21... can't play squads with friends and lots of screens like this @EAMaddenNFL @EASPORTS pic.twitter.com/0h8oZ4rAJ4
Many bugs with Madden21... can't play squads with friends and many screens like this @ EAMaddenNFL @ EASPORTS pic.twitter.com / 0h8oZ4rAJ4
Lots of bugs with Madden21... can't play squades with friends and lots of screens like this @ EAMaddenNFL @ EASPORTS pic.fm / 0h8oZ4rAJ4
Lots of bugs with Madden21... can't play squads with friends and lots of screens like this RhandlerR RhandlerR pic.twitter.com/0h8oZ4rAJ4
at Lots of bugs with Madden21... can't play squads with friends and lots of screens like this RhandlerR RhandlerR pic.twitter.com/0h8oZ4rAJ4
and
Vick. Easy
Vick.
Vick. Easy
Vick. com
Vick. Stay Easy
<unk>. Easy
Madden ruining the game. These dudes weren’t even the sack leader??? You’re telling me Shaq Barrett isn’t the guy you want out there??? Do better ESPN
"Madden ruined the game. These guys weren't even the dead-end leader??? You're telling me Shaq Barrett isn??? t the guy you want out there
Madden is ruining the game. These dudes weren't even the leader of the sack??? You tell me Shaq Barrett is not the guy you want out there???
Madden ruining the game. These dudes weren’t counting the sack leader??? You’re betting me Shaq Barrett isn’t the guy you want out<unk> Or better ESPN
Madden began ruining out the game. 29 These dudes weren... ’ t even always the sack leader??? You ’ re telling me Shaq Barrett who isn what ’ t the guy you want out there??? Do it better ESPN
Madden ruining the draft. These teams weren’t even the sack leader??? You’re telling me Shaq Barrett not the guy you want out there??? No more ESPN
@EASPORTS_MUT @EAMaddenNFL . I had 4 wins in house rules.  I won 2 games and still have 4 wins. Wtf?
@ EASPORTS _ MUT @ EAMaddenNFL. I had 4 wins on House Rules. I won 2 games and still have 4 wins. Wtf?
@ EASPORTS _ MUT @ EAMaddenNFL. I had 4 win in house rules. I won 2 games and still have 4 win. Wtf?
@EASPORTS_MUT @EAMaddenNFL. I had 4 wins in house now.  I won 2 games and we have 4 wins. Wtf?
@EASPORTS_MUT @EAMaddenNFL. net I had had 4 wins in in 2010 house rules. I won 2 games out and still would have 4 wins. Wtf?
@EASPORTS_MUT T. I gave 4 wins in house rules. You won 2 games and currently have 4 wins. Wtf?
"According to @EASPORTS
"According to @ EASPORTS
"According to @ EASPORTS
"According to Carter
"³ According to @EASPORTS
"According the @EASPORTS
@EAMaddenNFL fix your servers please my goodness  
@ EAMaddenNFL please fix your servers my goodness
"@ EAMaddenNFL fix your servers
@EAMaddenNFL fix your servers please my lady
@EAMaddenNFL fix your portal servers please my thank goodness
@EAMaddenNFL fix your hair please my goodness
@MaddenLeagueOps @MaddenNFLDirect sad
@ MaddenLeagueOps @ MaddenNFLDirect sad
@ MaddenLeagueOps @ MaddenNDirect is sad
@MaddenLeagueOps<unk> sad
For @MaddenLeagueOps @MaddenNFLDirect sad
@MaddenLeagueOps @MaddenNFLDirect F
DESHAUN WATSON A 86?????? YOU DISRESPECTFUL ASS NIGGAS MAN @EAMaddenNFL
DESHAUN WATSON A 86?????? DU DISRESPECTFUL ASS NIGGAS MAN @ EAMaddenNFL
DESHAUN WATSON A 86????? YOU DISRESPECTFUL ASS NIGGAS MAN @ EAMaddenNFL
DESHAUN G A 86?????? A DISRESPECTFUL ASS NIGGAS MAN @EAMaddenNFL
DESHAUN IS WATSON AND A 86??????... YOU S DISRESPECTFUL ASS DE NIGGAS A MAN OR @EAMaddenNFL
DESHAUN AT A BEACH L DISRESPECTFUL ASS US MAN @EAMaddenNFL
84.... I hate @EAMaddenNFL
84.... I hate @ EAMaddenNFL
84.... I hate @ EAMaddenNFL
84.... I hate cats
84.... maybe I hate John @EAMaddenNFL
mean.... I hate @EAMaddenNFL
"Richie Incogniot still bullying
"Richie Incognito is still bullying
"Richie Incognito is still a bully
"Richie Incogniot still played
"Richie Incogniot still faced bullying
"Richie Incogniot still hated
Proud of you. 
Proud of you.
Proud of you.
Proud of God.
Proud thinking of you.
Proud of One.
@EA @EAMaddenNFL The recent announcement that EA has locked up another long term contract with the @NFL is remarkably disrespectful to the fans that have been with Madden for 20 years. Allow competition. Madden is no longer the quality it once was.
@ EA @ EAMaddenNFL The recent announcement that EA has signed another long-term contract with the @ NFL is remarkably disrespectful to the fans who have followed Madden for 20 years.
@ EA @ EAMaddenNFL The recent announcement that EA has signed another long-term contract with @ NFL is surprisingly unpleasant for fans who have been with Madden for 20 years.
@EA @EAMaddenNFL The recent reveal that EA has locked up another long term contract with the @NFL is remarkably disrespectful of the fans that have been with it for 20 years. Allow competition. Madden its no longer the quality it once represented.
@EA @EAMaddenNFL The recent recent announcement that EA has locked itself up another long years term contract with the @NFL is remarkably... disrespectful to the EA fans that have been with Danny Madden for over 20 years. Allow competition. Madden is no longer at the quality it has once ago was.
@EA @EAMaddenNFL Your recent announcement that EA has locked up another two term agreement with the @NFL is remarkably disrespectful to many fans that have been with Chelsea for 20 years. Allow competition. Football is no as the glory it once was.
@EAMaddenNFL @SGraddyEA @Swami_EA @EA_White @ClintOldenburg You failed us  
@ EAMaddenNFL @ SGraddyEA @ Swami _ EA @ EA _ White @ ClintOldenburg you have let us down
@ EAMaddenNFL @ SGraddyEA @ Swami _ EA @ EA _ White @ Clintburg You have let us down
@EAMaddenNFL @SGraddyEA @Swami_EA @EA_White @ClintOldenburg You owe us
R @EAMaddenNFL @SGraddyEA SR @Swami_EA @EA_White SR @ClintOldenburg You has failed us
@EAMaddenNFL & Oh @SGraddyEA And You failed us
WTFFF is my strength of schedule 102. THEE highest in weekend league with a 88 Ovr team EA wtffff????? @EAMaddenNFL @EASPORTS_MUT
WTFFF is my strength in schedule 102nd THIS highest in the league with an 88 ovr team EA wtffff????? @ EAMaddenNFL @ EASPORTS _ MUT
WTFFF is my strength chart 102. They are the highest in the weekend league with the 88 Ovr EA team wtffff??? @ EAMaddenNFL @ EASPORTS _ MUT
WTFFF is my strength of schedule 102. THEE IS scoring weekend fixtures with a 88 Ovr team EA wtffff????? @EAMaddenNFL @EASPORTS_MUT
My WTFFF is on my strength of test schedule number 102. THEE highest seed in weekend league A with a 88 MW Ovr team EA wtffff????? N @EAMaddenNFL @EASPORTS_MUT
WTFFF was my League of teams 102. THEE highest in my league is a 88 Ovr team EA wtffff????? Why @EAMaddenNFL
I still don't understand why @EAMaddenNFL has it so plays are called dead once a player recovers a fumble. It drives me nuts.  
"I still don't understand why @ EAMaddenNFL has it that games are dead once a player recovers from a fumble
"I still don't understand why @ EAMaddenNFL has this
I still don't understand why @EAMaddenNFL has it so sacks are called dead once a player has a fumble. It drives me nuts.
Because I still don't remotely understand why @EAMaddenNFL has had it checked so plays are automatically called dead once a player actually recovers a fumble. It drives me nuts.
however still don't understand why @EAMaddenNFL has it so plays are called repeatedly because a player forces a fumble. It drives me nuts.
What a disgrace @EAMaddenNFL
What a shame @ EAMaddenNFL
What a shame @ EAMaddenNFL
What a disgrace<unk>
25 What did a disgrace @EAMaddenNFL
What a disgrace of
@EAMaddenNFL servers down since the morning . 
@ EAMaddenNFL server since the morning.
@ EAMaddenNFL servers have been down since morning.
@EAMaddenNFL servers up since the morning.
One @EAMaddenNFL servers down since the past morning.
@EAMaddenNFL been down since the morning.
@EAMaddenNFL how you update the game and this BS still happens? Been sitting here for 40 minutes and I’m on a win streak. Never buying this trash game again pic.twitter.com/INkGzY6uyn
@ EAMaddenNFL how do you update the game and this BS still happens? I've been sitting here for 40 minutes and am on a winning streak. Never buy this trash game again pic.twitter.com / INkGzY6uyn
@ EAMaddenNFL how are you updating the game and it's still happening? Sit here for 40 minutes and I'm on a winning streak.
RhandlerR how you update the game and this BS still happens? Been sitting here for 40 minutes and I’m on a win streak. Never buying this trash game again pic.twitter.com/INkGzY6uyn
with RhandlerR how you update the game and this BS still happens? Been sitting here for 40 minutes and I’m on a win streak. Never buying this trash game again pic.twitter.com/INkGzY6uyn
know
Now @EAMaddenNFL is stealing my money now just spent $200 on madden and it didnt give me anything
Now @ EAMaddenNFL is stealing my money I've just spent $200 on madmen and it hasn't given me anything
"Now @ EAMaddenNFL steals my money
Now @EAMaddenNFL is stealing my money now<unk> spent $200 on madden and they didnt give me anything
Now that @EAMaddenNFL is actively stealing my money now what just spent $ 200 million on madden and it didnt give me anything
Now @EAMaddenNFL is stealing my crap you just did $200 on madden and it didnt give me anything
@EAMaddenNFL  PLZ FIX YOUR FUCKING GAME THIS ONLY HAPPENS TO ME NEVER MY OPPONENT pic.twitter.com/oAGe1onF5Y
@ EAMaddenNFL ZIP Code FIX YOUR FUCKING GAME THIS ONLY HAPPENED ME NEVER MY POSSIBILITY pic.twitter.com / oAGe1onF5Y
@ EAMaddenNFL PLZ FIX YOUR FUCKING GAME This ONLY HAPPENS TO ME NEVER MY OPPONENT pic.fr / oAGe1onF5Y
RhandlerR  PLZ FIX YOUR FUCKING GAME THIS ONLY HAPPENS TO ME NEVER MY OPPONENT pic.twitter.com/oAGe1onF5Y
1 RhandlerR  PLZ FIX YOUR FUCKING GAME THIS ONLY HAPPENS TO ME NEVER MY OPPONENT pic.twitter.com/oAGe1onF5Y
that
Just got in and bought pints and now I got an error code idk if my pints are even gonna be there EA please fix your shit I want my points @EAMaddenNFL @EASPORTS_MUT @EAHelp
I just came in and bought a few pints and now I have an error code idk if my pints are even there please fix your shit I want my points @ EAMaddenNFL @ EASPORTS _ MUT @ EAHelp
Just got in and bought pints and now I got an error code idk if my pints are even gonna be there EA please fix your shit I want my points @ EAMaddenNFL @ EASPORTS _ MUT @ EAHelp
Just got here and bought it and now I got an error code idk if my pints are even gonna be for EA please fix your shit I want pin points @EAMaddenNFL @EASPORTS_MUT @EAHelp
Now Just got put in and bought pints and now just I got out an unfortunate error of code idk So if my pints never are even gonna be back there EA please fix your shit I want my points @EAMaddenNFL @EASPORTS_MUT @EAHelp
Just got in and bought them right now I got an error code idk if my responses are even gonna be fine EA please fix your shit I get my points too @EAMaddenNFL So
@EASPORTS @EAMaddenNFL Fuckk the LGBT faction at EA. Those are the ones that benefit the most without ever walking in those pride parades. Respect to THEM but not these homo-Christ bashing disgusting abusers. Fuckk you. (L)ove (G)od (B)less (T)rump. @realDonaldTrump
"@ EASPORTS @ EAMaddenNFL Fuckk the LGBT faction at EA. It's the ones who benefit the most without ever taking part in these pride parades. Respect them
@ EASPORTS @ EAMaddenNFuckingLGBT at EA - these are the ones who benefit the most by never participating in those pride parades.
@EASPORTS @EAMaddenNFL Fuckk the LGBT faction at least. Those aren the ones that struggle the most with ever being in those parade parades. Respect to THEM --- not these homo-Christ bashing disgusting abusers. Fuckk you. (L)ove (G)od (B)less (T)rump. @realDonaldTrump
@EASPORTS @EAMaddenNFL Fuckk the LGBT advocacy faction at our EA. Those are the ones that benefit the most without ever walking in like those pride park parades. Respect has to get THEM but not these homo - Christ bashing disgusting gay abusers. Fuckk you. ( L ) ove ( I G ) od ( B ) z less ( T ) i rump. @realDonaldTrump
@EASPORTS @EAMaddenNFL Fuckk the LGBT folks at EA. Those are the ones you play with games without ever part in those pride parades. Right to THEM beyond ignoring these Jesus-Christ bashing disgusting abusers. Fuckk you. (L)ove (G)od (B)less (T)rump. @realDonaldTrump
"@EAMaddenNFL madden 21’s career mode SUCKS
"@ EAMaddenNFL madden 21's career mode SUCKS
"@ EAMaddenNFL madden 21's career mode SUCKS
"@EAMaddenNFL madden 21’s Zombies mode SUCKS
"More @EAMaddenNFL madden The 21 ’ s career mode SUCKS
"me on the career mode SUCKS
@EAMaddenNFL just made @DSuave_12 & I quit in the KO Championship because it wouldn’t load... pic.twitter.com/YjfplRIRwh
@ EAMaddenNFL has just finished @ DSuave _ 12 & I in the knockout championship because it wouldn't load... pic.twitter.com / YjfplRIRwh
@ EAMaddenNFL just made @ DSuave _ 12 & I quit in the KO Championship because it would not load... pic.wikipedia.org / YPLRIRwh
RhandlerR just made RhandlerR & I quit in the KO Championship because it wouldn’t load... pic.twitter.com/YjfplRIRwh
2 RhandlerR just made RhandlerR & I quit in the KO Championship because it wouldn’t load... pic.twitter.com/YjfplRIRwh
my
Lmao this is flat out embarrassing
Lmao this is absolutely embarrassing
Lmao this is flat out confusing
Lmao this is flat out genius
Lmao this is flat out quite embarrassing
Lmao this is flat fucking embarrassing
Bro...this controller finna go thru the TV ! @EAMaddenNFL WTF IS THIS!!!
Bro... this controller finna goes through the tv! @ EAMaddenNFL WTF IS THIS!!!
Bro... this controlfinna go thru the TV! @ EAMaddenNFL WTF IS THIS!!!
Bro...this controller doesnt go thru the TV! @EAMaddenNFL WTF IS THIS!!!
Bro... of this controller would finna go thru the TV! @EAMaddenNFL and WTF ME IS IT THIS!!!
like...this controller finna<unk> thru the fire! @EAMaddenNFL WTF IS THIS!!!
BYE @EAMaddenNFL y’all done
BYE @ EAMaddenNFL y'all done
BYE @ EAMaddenNFL y'all done
BYE @EAMaddenNFL y’all<unk>
K BYE A @EAMaddenNFL y ’ all done
BYE AM y’all done
MADDEN!!!! Don’t fuckin play around wit me!!!
MADDEN!!!! Don't fuckin play around wit me!!!
MADDEN!!!! Don't fuckin play around wit me!!!
MADDEN!!!! No fuckin play around wit me!!!
MADDEN!!!! Don ’ t fuckin fuck play around around around wit da me!!!
MADDEN!!!! Then fuckin play around to me!!!
@Quiique_89 does this give you nightmares!? lmaooo
@ Quiique _ 89 gives you nightmares!? lmaooo
@ Qiwi _ 89 it gives you nightmares!? lmaooo
@Quiique_89 does this give him nightmares!? lmaooo
@Quiique_89 does this song give me you nightmares!?... lmaooo
@Quiique_89 will this bring you nightmares!? lmaooo
@EAMaddenNFL when I first pre ordered it said standard would get to play 3 days early now only the other 2 version thanks a lot smh
"@ EAMaddenNFL
"@ EAMaddenNFL when I first ordered it said the standard would be played 3 days earlier
@EAMaddenNFL when I first got ordered it said standard would get to play 4 days early now only the other 2 version thanks a lot smh
What @EAMaddenNFL when I first pre ordered it said standard practice would get I to play 3 days all early now only after the other 2 weeks version thanks a lot smh
@EAMaddenNFL when I first pre ordered it said standard would get to play 8 days early now so the other 1 version thanks a bit smh
@EAMaddenNFL fix your game guy ragequits it freezes the screen forces me to close app and gives them the win
@ EAMaddenNFL fix your game guy it freezes the screen forcing me to close app and gives them the win
@ EAMaddenNFL fix your game guy ragequits it freezes the screen makes me close the app and gives them a win
@EAMaddenNFL fix because game guy ragequits it freezes the screen forces me to close app and gives them the time
@EAMaddenNFL fix your game guy get ragequits it freezes the screen forces just me quickly to close the app them and gives them the win
@EAMaddenNFL is a sweet guy ragequits it freezes the screen forces game to close app and gives them the win
these tuff don’t get me wrong but he is not the best receiver in the nfl
"t get me wrong
these tuff don't get me wrong but he is not the best receiver in the nfl
these tuff don’t gotten me wrong but Taylor is not the best receiver in the nfl
these tuff don ’ t get me quite wrong either but again he is not the best receiver in most the nfl
these tuff don’t get me wrong that he ranks not the best receiver in your nfl
@EAMaddenNFL adjust @K1 ratings you clowns disrespected him GOING OFF
@ EAMaddenNFL @ K1 reviews you clowns disrespected him GOING OFF
@ EAMaddenNFL adjust @ K1 ratings you clothed disrespected him GOOF OFF
@EAMaddenNFL adjust @K1 says you clowns disrespected him GOING OFF
@EAMaddenNFL would adjust @K1 ratings and you clowns and disrespected him with GOING OFF
@EAMaddenNFL adjust @K1 adjusted and nearly disrespected him GOING OFF
I am getting tired of competing with MUT hoping for a true franchise/dynasty on @EAMaddenNFL year after year! I am saving my $60 and going with a upcoming star in @MaxFootballGame. IT HAS A PLAY CREATOR!!!! @ClintOldenburg @EAMaddenNFL be very ashamed ripping people off!!!!
"I'm tired of competing year after year with BUDGET
I'm tired of competing with MUT hoping for a real franchise / dynasty on @ EAMaddenNFL year after year! I save my $60 and go with a future star in @ MaxFootballGame.
I am getting tired of competing with MUT hoping for a true franchise/dynasty on @EAMaddenNFL year after year! I am saving around $60 on going with a upcoming star than @MaxFootballGame. IT HAS A PLAY CREATOR!!!! @ClintOldenburg loud and very ashamed ripping people off!!!!
I still am getting tired... of it competing with MUT hoping for a true franchise / series dynasty on @EAMaddenNFL year after year! I personally am saving my $ 60 and going with a upcoming star in @MaxFootballGame. IT A HAS A PLAY TO CREATOR!!!! @ClintOldenburg And @EAMaddenNFL be very ashamed when ripping your people off!!!!
of started getting tired from competing outside MUT hoping for a true franchise/dynasty on @EAMaddenNFL year after year! I am dropping some money and going with a upcoming star in @MaxFootballGame. THIS HAS A PLAY CREATOR!!!! Make @ClintOldenburg be very ashamed ripping people off!!!!
Yo @EASPORTS @EAMaddenNFL @EASPORTS_MUT y’all having some server issues? I’m unable to connect to EA!
Yo @ EASPORTS @ EAMaddenNFL @ EASPORTS _ MUT y'all with some server problems?
Yo @ EASPORTS @ EAMaddenNFL @ EASPORTS _ MUT y'all has some server issues? I'm unable to connect to EA!
Yo @EASPORTS in @EAMaddenNFL y’all having some server issues? I’m unable to connect for EA!
Yo be @EASPORTS ya @EAMaddenNFL @EASPORTS_MUT y Must ’ all be having some server issues? I and ’ m unable to ever connect to EA!
Yo<unk> @EASPORTS are y’all having application server issues? Be unable to connect to EA!
"Disappointing that I can’t play the 10 hour EA Play trial for @EAMaddenNFL. Every time I start the game
"Disappointing that I can't play the 10-hour EA Play trial for @ EAMaddenNFL. Every time I start the game
"It's disappointing that I can't play the 10-hour EA Play trial for @ EAMaddenNFL. Every time I start a game
"Disappointing that I can’t access this two hour EA Play able for @EAMaddenNFL. Every time I start the game
"All Disappointing that I can ’ v t play through the special 10 hour EA Play trial show for @EAMaddenNFL. Every year time... I start the game
"Disappointing that he can’t play the 10 player EA online trial for 2013. Every time I start the trials
@EAMaddenNFL fix your servers they’re dog shit
@ EAMaddenNFL Fix your servers they are dog shit
@ EAMaddenNFL fix your servers they're dog shit
@EAMaddenNFL fix HTTP servers they’re dog shit
@EAMaddenNFL fix your servers and they ’ re lying dog shit
just fix your servers they’re dog shit
I can’t wait for @EAMaddenNFL to describe this as a new “feature” for Franchise mode.. .  
"I can't wait for @ EAMaddenNFL to describe this as a new ""feature"" for the franchise..."
"I can't wait for @ EAMaddenNFL to describe this as a new ""feature"" for franchise mode..."
I can’t expect for @EAMaddenNFL to accept this as a new “feature” for Franchise mode...
How I can ’ t wait for @EAMaddenNFL to describe this as a truly new “ download feature ” especially for Social Franchise mode...
I will draw for @EAMaddenNFL please describe that as a new “feature” for Franchise mode...
@EAMaddenNFL FIX YOUR FUCKING GAME!!!!
@ EAMaddenNFL FIX YOUR FICKING GAME!!!!
@ EAMaddenNFL FIX YOUR FUCKING GAME!!!!
@EAMaddenNFL FIX YOUR EVERY GAME!!!!
@EAMaddenNFL FIX IS YOUR ACT FUCKING TO GAME!!!!
@EAMaddenNFL FIX WITH FUCKING GAME!!!!
Wanna hear another epic  .  
I want to hear another epic.
I want to hear another epic.
Wanna hear more epic .
Wanna even hear another epic.
Wanna love another epic.
They messed up everybody ratings in that game cuh 🤦. ‍. 
They messed up all the ratings in this game.
They mixed up all the ratings in that game.
They messed up everybody ratings about that game cuh 🤦. ‍.
They messed up everybody on ratings in that game cuh the [UNK]..
They screw up everybody ratings in that game because <unk>..
@EASPORTS @EAMaddenNFL @ShutdownSafety @espn @NFL @nflcommish EA Sports fails again to faithfully represent the NFL. pic.twitter.com/QBZOh3NcJf
@ EASPORTS @ EAMaddenNFL @ ShutdownSafety @ espn @ NFL @ nflcommish EA Sports again fails to represent the NFL faithly. pic.twitter.com / QBZOh3NcJf
@ EASPORTS @ EAMaddenNFL @ ShutdownSafety @ espn @ NFL @ nflcommissh EA Sports can't properly represent the NFL. pic.fr / QBZ3NcJf
RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR EA Sports fails again to faithfully represent the NFL. pic.twitter.com/QBZOh3NcJf
x RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR EA Sports fails again to faithfully represent the NFL. pic.twitter.com/QBZOh3NcJf
I
The out route is completely broken this year on @EAMaddenNFL
The track is completely suspended this year on @ EAMaddenNFL
"This year
The out route is completely broken this year on Christmas
The out road route is completely broken this present year on @EAMaddenNFL
full out route is completely broken this year on @EAMaddenNFL
I’m not buying @EAMaddenNFL until they fix their game. I’ve been playing for years and @EAHelp is the worst. I didn’t get all of my rewards from last years game and I refuse to buy this one until it’s fixed.  
I don't buy @ EAMaddenNFL until they've fixed their game. I've been playing for years and @ EAHelp is the worst. I haven't got all my rewards from the game of the last few years and I refuse to buy this game until it's fixed.
I'm not buying @ EAMaddenNFL until they fix their game. I've been playing for years and @ EAHelp is the worst. I didn't get all of my rewards from last years game and I refer to buy this one until it's fixed.
I’m not buying @EAMaddenNFL until they fix their fault. Its been playing 30 years and @EAHelp is the worst. I didn’t get all of your rewards from last week game and I refuse to buy this one until it’s fixed.
I ’ m not buying @EAMaddenNFL until when they fix their game. I will ’ ve been playing cards for years straight and here @EAHelp is the worst. I also didn ’ t get all of my rewards from last years game and already I refuse to buy even this one until once it all ’ s fixed.
of not buying @EAMaddenNFL until it fix their game. Only been playing for years and @EAHelp is the worst. It didn’t get all of their rewards from last days game but I want to buy this one until it’s fixed.
lol. this is exactly wrong
lol. that's just wrong
lol. this is exactly wrong
lol. this says exactly wrong
lol. this sign is exactly wrong
lol. this is exactly the
I’m baffled about why CMC is a 99 he a close 96 but 94 at minimum. He didn’t even lead in some of the top RB catagories last season.
"I'm baffled as to why CMC is a 99
It puzzles me why the CMC is 99 he is close to 96 but 94 at least. He didn't even lead in some of the top catalogues last season.
I’m baffled about why CMC is a 99 he a possible 96 but 94 at minimum. She didn’t even lead even some of many top RB catagories last season.
I imagine ’ ain m baffled about why CMC is of a 99 he a close 96 but 94 winning at minimum.... He didn ain ’ t even lead in some of the Texas top RB catagories last solid season.
I’m baffled about why CMC is only 99 he a close 96 but 94 so minimum. Brian didn’t even lead in some all the league RB seasons last season.
@EAMaddenNFL you guys need a serious update to madden 21 so many glitches in this game no lines can't tell where the hell i am on the field pic.twitter.com/ATogWzBFSH
@ EAMaddenNFL you guys need a serious update on crazy 21 so many mishaps in this game no lines can't tell you where the hell I'm on the field pic.twitter.com / ATogWzBFSH
@ EAMaddenNFL you guys need a serious update to madden 21 so many glitches in this game no lines can't tell where the hell i am on the field pic.facebook.com / ATogWzBFSH
RhandlerR you guys need a serious update to madden 21 so many glitches in this game no lines can't tell where the hell i am on the field pic.twitter.com/ATogWzBFSH
and RhandlerR you guys need a serious update to madden 21 so many glitches in this game no lines can't tell where the hell i am on the field pic.twitter.com/ATogWzBFSH
who
You need to figure out wtf y’all dumbasses go do about these dudes being in timeout for a whole ass hour cuz they loosing!!!!! @EAMaddenNFL
You need to find out wtf y'all dumbasses go do about these dudes being in timeout for a whole ass hour cuz they lose!!!! @ EAMaddenNFL
You need to figure out wtf y'all dumbasses go do about these dudes being in timeout for a whole ass hour cuz they loose!!!! @ EAMaddenNFL
You need to figure out wtf y’all dumbasses go do about these asses dying in timeout for a whole ass hour cuz they said @EAMaddenNFL
12 You need to figure out when wtf y ’ all dumbasses go gonna do about these dudes being sick in the timeout for a whole shit ass hour just cuz they loosing!!!!! asked @EAMaddenNFL
You should completely figure out wtf y’all dumbasses go do without all dudes being in timeout for a little additional hour cuz they loosing!!!!! @EAMaddenNFL
@EAMaddenNFL @EASPORTS Hey... could you explain what the hell this is!!!??? pic.twitter.com/zSyiNknLlh
@ EAMaddenNFL @ EASPORTS Hey... could you explain what the hell this is!!!?? pic.twitter.com / zSyiNknLlh
@ EAMaddenNFL @ EASPORTS Hey... could you explain what the hell this is!!?? pic.freedom.com / zSyiNknLlh
RhandlerR RhandlerR Hey... could you explain what the hell this is!!!??? pic.twitter.com/zSyiNknLlh
The RhandlerR RhandlerR Hey... could you explain what the hell this is!!!??? pic.twitter.com/zSyiNknLlh
you
@EAMaddenNFL @Swami_EA @Equipment_Guru why did you drop @rojo speed to a 91 from a 93 explain please he showed no signs of being slower! @BayStunna @ShutdownSafety @SOFTDRINKTV madden is biased in player ratings!
"@ EAMaddenNFL @ Swami _ EA @ Equipment _ Guru Why did you drop @ rojo speed to a 91 from a 93
@ EAMaddenNFL @ Swami _ EA @ Equipment _ Guru why did you reduce the speed of @ rojo to 91 from 93 please explain it showed no signs of being slower! @ Bayna @ ShutdownSafety @ SOFTDRINKTV madden is biosed in player rating!
@EAMaddenNFL | @Swami_EA why did you drop @Equipment_Guru speed to a 96 from a 93 explain please player showed no signs of being unhappy! @rojo @BayStunna @ShutdownSafety someone is biased in player ratings!
The @EAMaddenNFL @Swami_EA @Equipment_Guru Now why did you finally drop an @rojo speed to a 91 from a 93 again explain this please that he still showed no signs of being slower! @BayStunna @ShutdownSafety @SOFTDRINKTV madden is always biased as in player ratings!
@EAMaddenNFL @Swami_EA @Equipment_Guru why have you move @rojo speed to a 90 from a 93 just please he showed few signs of being slower! @BayStunna @ShutdownSafety yes This is high in player ratings!
@EAMaddenNFL Yall really got dudes out here in Salary Cap in June with no WRs...Oline at WR (Triple Nasty Streak) 99 speed Salyers running heavy run sets!
@ EAMaddenNFL Yall really has guys here in salary cap in June without WRs... Oline at WR (Triple Nasty Streak) 99 Speed Salyers running heavy running sets!
@ EAMaddenNFL Yall really got dudes out here in Salary Cap in June with no WR... Oline at WR (Triple Nasty Streak) 99 speed Salyers running heavy run sets!
@EAMaddenNFL Yall really got dudes help here in Salary Cap in Fantasy... no WRs...Oline at WR (Triple Nasty Streak) 99 speed Salyers running heavy run plays!
Jack @EAMaddenNFL Yall really got them dudes out here here in Salary in Cap in June 1999 with no WRs... Oline Anderson at WR ( Triple that Nasty Streak ) All 99 speed Salyers running heavy run in sets!
@EAMaddenNFL Yall really got dudes out fast in Salary Cap in June with no WRs...Oline R WR (Triple Line Streak) put speed Salyers back on run 1!
@EAMaddenNFL you’re trash.
@ EAMaddenNFL you're garbage.
"@ EAMaddenNFL
@EAMaddenNFL you’re lying.
@EAMaddenNFL you ’ don re trash.
@EAMaddenNFL<unk> trash.
@EAMaddenNFL  why does my game keep crashing during solos.
"@ EAMaddenNFL
@ EAMaddenNFL why my game keeps tearing up during the solo.
@EAMaddenNFL  why does my GUI keep crashing during solos.
@EAMaddenNFL why does my game usually keep about crashing during solos.
@EAMaddenNFL reason does my cellphone keep crashing during solos.
They gave @TyrodTaylor a 69 overall and Herbert a 70. I’m sick. @EAMaddenNFL
They gave @ TyrodTaylor a total of 69 and Herbert a 70. @ EAMaddenNFL
They gave @ TyrodTaylor 69 and I'm 70. I'm sick. @ EAMaddenNFL
They gave @TyrodTaylor a 69 … and Herbert a 75. I’m sick. @EAMaddenNFL
Notes They gave @TyrodTaylor a 69 but overall and Herbert a 70. I ’ you m sick. on @EAMaddenNFL
They gave @TyrodTaylor me 68 overall and mine a 70. I’m sick. @EAMaddenNFL
Don't go soft on them @AustinEkeler !!! They do Chargers players dirty every year. Slayer been getting robbed for yrs. They don't even have @Keenan13Allen in top 3 route running
Don't go soft on them @ AustinEkeler!!! They do Chargers players dirty every year. Slayer was robbed for years. They don't even have @ Keenan13Allen in the top 3 route running
Don't worry about them @ AustinEfer!!! They dirt Chargers players every year. Slayer have been stealing for years. They don't even have @ Keenan13Allen in the top 3 running routes.
Don't go soft on Texans @AustinEkeler!!! They run Chargers players dirty every year. Slayer been getting dirty for yrs. They don't even have @Keenan13Allen in top 3 TDs running
Don'e t go a soft on them @AustinEkeler!!! They do Chargers players dirty every year. Slayer is been getting seriously robbed today for yrs. They really don't even have @Keenan13Allen and in top 4 3 route we running
Don't go great on them @AustinEkeler!!! They do many players dirty every year. Slayer been getting robbed for yrs. They don't even keep even a top 3 for running
"At least let ppl grind in your game to get the gear they want 
"At least let ppl crunch in your game to get the gear they want instead of paying $20-50 dollars??? Why EA? You already have millions of dollars
"At least let ppl grind in your game to get the right gear instead of paying $20-50 bucks??? Why EA? You already have millions of dollars
"At least let ppl grind in your game and get the gear they want
"At this least let ppl grind in your game to get the gear they want
"At last let players grind down your game you get extra gear they want
"Not getting @EAMaddenNFL 21 it looks like
"It looks like you're not going to get @ EAMaddenNFL 21 and barely touch the franchise mode. Very disappointing. Not surprising
"Not getting @ EAMaddenNF21 it looks like barely even touching the franchise mode. Very disappointing. Not surprising
"Not getting @EAMaddenNFL 21 it looks like
"Not even getting his @EAMaddenNFL to 21 it looks like
"Not even that 21 it looks like
Ohhh so y’all mfs saying he is better then Julio! That’s some garbage.
Ohhh so y'all mfs say he's better than Julio! That's garbage.
So all mfs say he's better than Julio! It's kind of disgusting.
Ohhh so y’all talk f he is better then Julio! That’s some garbage.
Ohhh so... y ’ all that mfs saying he maybe is better then Julio! That ’ whole s some garbage.
Ohhh are y’all mfs saying he knows better then her! That’s some garbage.
@EAMaddenNFL Why don’t you create a inactivity feature online that concedes games after two delays of game by the guy you’re playing when you’re beating them senseless. Nobody waits 25 min to get 50 Xp points for a win when the loser is taking penalties back to their goal line
@ EAMaddenNFL Why don't you create an inactivity feature online that grants play after two game delays by the guy you're playing if you hit them senseless? No one waits 25 minutes to get 50 points for a win when the loser brings the penalties back to their goal line.
@ EAMaddenNFL Why don't you create an online inaction feature that hides games after two game delays by the guy you play when you beat them senselessly.
@EAMaddenNFL Why don’t you create one inactivity feature online that concedes PK after two delays of game vs the guy you’re playing when you’re beating them senseless. Nobody waits 25 min & get 50 penalty points for a PK when the loser is taking penalties back to their goal line
@EAMaddenNFL... Why games don ’ t let you create a clear inactivity and feature online play that concedes games after two delays of game by the guy you ’ re playing to when you ’ re beating them senseless. Nobody waits 25 min longer to get 50 Xp points for a win when the direct loser is taking penalties straight back to their goal line
@EAMaddenNFL Why don’t you create a inactivity server online that concedes games after two delays of game by the guy still playing when you’re fighting them senseless. guy waits 25 min to get 50 Xp points for 6 win after 10 loser is taking things back to those goal line
Ready for more crappy same game and more removed content and still locked behind the paywall
Ready for more crappy game and more removed content and still locked behind the paywall
Ready for more crappy same game and more removed content and still locked behind the paywall
Ready for more crappy same game and more removed content and still locked behind the controller
Ready for more crappy same game and more removed content altogether and still completely locked behind by the paywall
Ready for more crappy updated game and more removed content and time locked behind the paywall
@EAMaddenNFL when y’all gone let us know those ratings was a joke?
"@ EAMaddenNFL when it was all over
@ EAMaddenNFL when y'all gone let us know those ratings was a joke?
@EAMaddenNFL have y’all gone let us know those ratings was a joke?
@EAMaddenNFL when y ’ all gone let y us no know those good ratings was a joke?
@EAMaddenNFL after y’all gone let us know lower ratings was a joke?
2k5 was the best football game I ever had.. Gon outsell madden easy
2k5 was the best football game I ever had.. Gon outsell madden easy
2k5 was the best football game I've ever had.
2k5 was the best video game I ever had.. Gon outsell madden easy
2k5 which was the 7th best football championship game I ever had.. Gon outsell your madden easy
2k5 was the best football game I ever seen.. Gon da madden easy
Y’all coulda been making money off this.
Y'all coulda made money from it.
Y'all coulda made money out of it.
Y’all coulda tried making money off this.
Y ’ all that coulda been making money with off this.
Y’all coulda been making money off with.
FUCK 'EM. Support black businesses . . twitter.com/HoboDia/status…
FUCK'EM. Support black companies.. twitter.com / HoboDia / status...
FUCK'EM. Black Business Support...................................................................................................................................................................................
FUCK 'EM. Support black businesses . . twitter.com/HoboDia/status…
2 FUCK 'EM. Support black businesses . . twitter.com/HoboDia/status…
what
See I knew I didn’t like that damn soap!!
"Look
"You see
See I knew I didn’t like that damn cat
See I knew but I really didn ’ t like that damn soap!!
See I knew I didn’t like that dreadful soap!!
"But they're going to vigorously defend their product in court
But they will vigorously defend their product in court and continue to sell it everywhere else. Why are women allowed to be at risk of cancer in other countries? Johnson & Johnson is ending the sale of talc-based baby powder in North America nytimes.com / 2020 / 05 / 19 / bus...
Why are women in other countries allowed to be at risk of cancer?. Johnson & Johnson to End Talc-Based Baby Powder Sales in North America nytimes.com / 2020 / 05 / 19 / bus...
"But they're going to constantly promote their product in court
"But tomorrow they're going to vigorously defend their product in bankruptcy court
"if they're going in vigorously defend their product in court
I suing Johnson & Johnson cause my grandma died from ovarian cancer ! She always put baby powder on us . 
I'm suing Johnson & Johnson because my granny died of ovarian cancer!
I'm suing Johnson & Johnson because my grandmother died of ovarian cancer!
I suing Johnson & Johnson - my grandma died from ovarian cancer! She never put baby powder on us.
I stood suing Johnson & Johnson cause my grandma died from ovarian lung cancer! And She always comes put baby powder on after us.
am suing Taylor & Johnson cause my grandma died from ovarian cancer! She always put baby powder for us.
Oh man. See fuck that
"Oh man. See
Oh man. See fuck that
Oh man. Just fuck that
Oh man. 1 See fuck that
Oh oh. See fuck that
Are they infecting everyone with Baby Powder?
Do they all infect with baby powder?
Do they infect everyone with Baby Powder?
Are they infecting everyone with Venom Powder?
Are we they infecting virtually everyone with Baby Powder?
Are we infecting everyone with Baby Powder?
". ""Johnson & Johnson pauses COVID-19 vaccine trial over patient exhibiting an 'unexplained illness'""  twitter.com/i/events/13158…"
"""Johnson & Johnson suspends COVID-19 vaccine trial due to patient's"" unexplained illness """" twitter.com / i / events / 13158..."
"Johnson & Johnson pCOVID-19 vaccine trial on patient with ""unexplained disease"""
". ""Johnson & Johnson pauses COVID-19 vaccine trial over patient exhibiting an 'unexplained illness'""  twitter.com/i/events/13158…"
"F . ""Johnson & Johnson pauses COVID-19 vaccine trial over patient exhibiting an 'unexplained illness'""  twitter.com/i/events/13158…"
that
SA avoid this by any means please do not buy  
SA avoid this by all means please do not buy
"Avoid it by any means
SA avoid this by any means please do not …
THE SA avoid this by try any means please don't buy
wanna avoid this by any means please do not buy
"Whelp
"Whelp
"Whelp
"Whelp
"Whelp
"Whelp
"Didn't Johnson&Johnson poison every baby in United States for DECADES & didn't US Gov allow it to continue  for several more years til they could ""adjust their formulas""
"Didn't Johnson & Johnson poison every baby in the United States for DECADES
"Didn't Johnson & Johnson poison every child in the United States for DECADES and allow the American government to continue doing so for a few more years until they could ""adjust their formulas
"Didn't Johnson&Johnson poison every person in United States for life... didn't US Gov allow it to continue  for 50 more years til they could ""adjust their formulas""
"Didn'′ t Johnson & Johnson just poison every baby in United the States for DECADES & didn't US Gov and allow it to continue for over several more years til finally they could "" adjust their formulas ""
"Didn't Johnson&Johnson poison water baby in United US for $3 & didn't US Gov decide it should continue just several more years til they could ""adjust their formulas""
Bi vaccine bitutwala. Meaning the scaremongering of the deadly virus must be kept up. People have invested their money.
"Bi-vaccine bitutwala. That is
"The bitumen bio-vaccine: The importance of this deadly virus must be preserved
Bi vaccine bitutwala. Meaning the production of the deadly virus must be kept up. People have invested their feelings.
Bi a vaccine bitutwala. Meaning the scaremongering mystery of why the deadly flu virus must be kept up. People should have invested their money.
Bi vaccine bitutwala. Meaning the scaremongering of the deadly virus must become proven true. People have invested their money.
Johnson & Johnson told to pay $2.1 billion over cancer-causing talc powder . bilyonaryo.com.ph/2020/06/24/joh….  . @JNJNews. @AFP https://t.co/yxveBnnM10
Johnson & Johnson to pay $2.1 billion for carcinogenic talc powder. bilyonaryo.com. ph / 2020 / 06 / 24 / joh..... @ JNJNews. @ AFP https: / / t.co / yxveBnnM10
Johnson & Johnson ordered to pay $2.1 billion for cancer-causing talcum powder. @ bilyonaryo.com.ph / 2020 / 06 / 24 / joh.... @ JNJNews. @ AFP
Johnson & Johnson v t pay $2.1 billion over cancer-causing talc powder | bilyonaryo.com.ph/2020/06/24/joh…. <unk> @JNJNews. [ https://t.co/yxveBnnM10]
When Johnson & Brothers Johnson told NASA to pay $ over 2. 1 billion over this cancer - causing synthetic talc powder. on bilyonaryo. com. ph / 2020 / 06 / 05 24 / 2013 joh... ….. @JNJNews. @AFP https://t.co/yxveBnnM10 ]
Johnson for Brown and bacteria pay $2.1 millions in bacteria-causing talc disease. bilyonaryo.com.ph/2020/06/24/joh..... @JNJNews. @AFP https://t.co/yxveBnnM10]
Literally couldn’t give a fuck less about shit like this from large corporations. U want to curry favor wit Black Americans. Pay us. Put money in our redlined communities. Use ur lobbyists to change laws/policy. This does nothing for us. Except make lightskin ppl argue.
"We want to favor black Americans. Pay us. Put money into our decent communities. Use our lobbyists to change laws / policies. That's no use to us. Except
They want to make a curry for black Americans. Pay us. Drain money in our red communities. Use our lobbyists to change laws / policies. It does nothing for us. Except make lightskin ppl argument.
Literally couldn’t give a fuck anymore about shit like this from large corporations. U want ta curry favor on Black Americans. Pay us. Put money in our redlined communities. Use ur lobbyists to shape laws/policy. This does all for me. Except make lightskin ppl argue.
28 Literally couldn ’ t give a fuck or less about shit crap like this from large corporations. U want to curry favor wit other Black Caribbean Americans. Pay For us. Put money in our redlined communities. Use ur lobbyists looking to change laws / policy. This state does nothing for raising us. 10 Except make lightskin ppl argue.
Literally couldn’t give my fuck less about laws like this from large part. U want to curry favor wit Black America. See us. Put money to our redlined communities. Use ur votes to enact laws/policy. This done nothing for us. Except make lightskin ppl argue.
The anti Vaxxers on to something bc I REFUSE.
The anti-vaxxer on something bc I DO.
The anti Vaxxers on to something bc I REFUSE.
The anti Vaxxers on to something<unk> I REFUSE.
4 The last anti Vaxxers on to something from bc I REFUSE.
<unk> Beach Vaxxers on to something bc I REFUSE.
"@JoeBiden U have no scientific background so u certainly can’t certify medicine.So u think Pfizer
"@ JoeBiden U has no scientific background
"So I think Heather
"@JoeBiden companies have no scientific sources so u certainly can’t certify medicine.So u think Pfizer
"@JoeBiden and U have no scientific law background anymore so u certainly can ’ t certify medicine. Now So u think Pfizer
"You U have no scientific background so u certainly do certify medicine.So u think this
Isn't the FDA supposed to provide transparency? Its the cornersrone of their org. Not surprised Johnson & Johnson doesn't want to.
"Shouldn't the FDA provide transparency
"Not surprisingly
Isn't US FDA supposed to provide transparency? Its the cornersrone of their org. Not surprised Dickinson & Johnson doesn't want to.
Isn't all the FDA supposed to provide transparency? Its the cornersrone out of everything their medical org. Not surprised Johnson & Johnson doesn't genuinely want to.
Isn't the community supposed who provide guidelines? Its as cornersrone of their org. Not surprised Johnson & Johnson doesn't want to.
Johnson & Johnson??? The company that stay getting lawsuits??  
Johnson & Johnson?? s??? The Company That Continues to Get Lawsuits???
Johnson & Johnson??? a company that continues to receive lawsuits???
Johnson & Johnson??? The company should stay getting lawsuits??
Johnson & Johnson??? The company for that stay started getting lawsuits??
Johnson & Johnson??? The company that stay in lawsuits??
Thank goodness! Who is still buying this stuff?
Thank God! Who else buys this stuff?
"Thank God
Thank goodness! Who is always buying this stuff?
Thank goodness!... Who is he still buying this stuff?
Thank goodness! Who is still following this stuff?
Johnson&Johnson - history of the baby powder scandal - maybe they’ve been led down a path to spend all their money and go broke. That would be a good payback for their dirty dealings ⁦@Hev123truthsee1⁩  share.par.pw/post/4e64dbea6…
"Johnson & Johnson - story of the baby powder scandal - they may have found a way to spend all their money and go bust
Johnson & Johnson - the story of the baby powder scandal - may have been led down a path that saw them spend all their money and go bankrupt.
Johnson&Johnson - history of the baby powder scandal - perhaps they’ve been led down one path to spend back their money - go broke. Today would be a good payback for their dirty dealings..  share.par.pw/post/4e64dbea6…
Johnson & Johnson - notorious history makers of the baby blue powder scandal - maybe they ’ ve been led down a path to spend through all their money and go broke. That much would be a good payback value for their dirty dealings @Hev123truthsee1 to share. 0 par. pw / s post / 4e64dbea6 …
Johnson&Johnson - epicenter of the baby powder scandal - maybe have been led down a path to spend more our money and expand global. Here would be a good push towards their shady dealings <unk>@Hev123truthsee1<unk> share.par.pw/post/4e64dbea6...
it’s just the company took 99 years to finally take a stance on diversity that just doesn’t sit well with me
It has only taken 99 years for the company to finally adopt a stance on diversity that simply doesn't suit me.
it just took the company 99 years to finally take a stance on diversity that just doesn't suit me
it’s just the company took 99 years to finally take concrete stance on diversity that just doesn’t sit right with me
it ’ s like just in the company took 99 consecutive years to finally take a corporate stance on diversity that just doesn ’ t sit well tonight with me
it’s just the people took 99 years to finally achieve a stance on diversity that just doesn’t sit well to me
"With Johnson & Johnson baby powder still being available in some markets
"Because Johnson & Johnson baby powder is still available in some markets
"Since Johnson & Johnson baby powder is still available in some markets
"With Johnson & Nobel baby cream still being available in some markets
"com With Johnson & Johnson baby powder still being publicly available exclusively in some general markets
"With Johnson & Johnson baby powder still being available through legal forms
Johnson & Johnson ain’t doing well. They stopped because someone being sick
"Johnson & Johnson is not doing well
Johnson & Johnson feel bad. They stopped because someone got sick
Johnson & Johnson ain’t doing well. They stopped because someone being shot
Johnson & Johnson ain is ’ t doing extremely well. They stopped good because someone being sick
Brown & Johnson ain’t doing well. They stopped because nobody being sick
"You ignorance causes the lost if life. Your entitled mouth
"Your ignorance is causing the loss of life. Your justified mouth is causing more loss of innocent life than Johnson & Johnson... you have done this. STOP IT NOW!! Show your nuts! Save fucking life
Your indifference leads to a loss of life. Your legitimate mouth leads to a greater loss of innocent lives than Johnson & Johnson... you did it.
"You ignorance causes the lost if life. Open entitled mouth
"You said ignorance causes the lost if life. I Your entitled smart mouth
"and ignorance causes the lost real life. That entitled mouth
@Johnson&Johnson  sorry vaccines really
@ Johnson & Johnson really regrets vaccines
@ Johnson & Johnson regrets vaccinations really
@Johnson&Johnson  sorry people really
@Johnson & Johnson Are sorry About vaccines really
@Johnson&Johnson sorry vaccines to
How the flying fuck the vaccines is ready within weeks.. . I don't even trust Johnson & Johnson. . .  
How the vaccines are ready within weeks... I don't even trust Johnson & Johnson.
How the flying fuck vaccines will be ready in a few weeks... I don't even trust Johnson & Johnson...
How the flying fuck knows vaccines is ready within weeks... I don't even trust Johnson Scott Johnson...
How the flying fuck comes the vaccines patent is even ready within weeks... but I don'e t even trust Johnson & Johnson...
How the flying fuck the game is ready within weeks... I don't fucking believe Johnson & Edwards...
Didn’t they find asbestos in their labs??? Their baby powder linked to cancer?? Wtf is this shit..
Didn't they find asbestos in their laboratories??? Their baby powder associated with cancer??? Wtf is that shit.
Didn't they find the best in their laboratories??? Their baby powder is linked to cancer?? Wtf is this shit..
Didn’t they find asbestos in their labs??? Also radioactive powder linked to cancer?? Wtf is this shit..
Didn ’ t you they find asbestos products in both their own labs??? Their baby powder linked to cancer?? I Wtf is into this shit..
Didn’t they find asbestos from their labs??? Their baby powder linked to cancer?? Oh fuck so shit..
They had a lawsuit over the opiates and the baby powder scandal why would they trust J&J?
"They've had a legal battle over opioids and the baby powder scandal
"They had a lawsuit over opiates and the baby powder scandal
They had a lawsuit over the opiates and the baby powder scandal why would they like PB&J?
They had a lawsuit over the opiates and maybe the American baby powder industry scandal why else would they trust J & J?
They had a fix over the opiates over the baby powder scandal why do they trust J&J?
fuck...
Shit...
fuck...
fuck...
Holy fuck...
and...
EXTRAORDINARY: Podcast about Deanna Berg's fight against bilateral ovarian  . witnesspodcasts.com/shows/verified…
EXCEPTIONAL: Podcast about Deanna Berg's fight against bilateral ovarian cancer.
EXTORDINARY: Podcast on Kylian's struggle with testicular cancer
EXTRAORDINARY: Podcast about Deanna Berg's struggle against bilateral ovarian . wired.com/shows/verified…
EXTRAORDINARY : Podcast story about artist Deanna Berg's fight fight against bilateral left ovarian. and witnesspodcasts.... com / shows / verified results …
EXTRAORDINARY: news about Brooke Bryant's fight on her ovarian. witnesspodcasts.com/shows/verified...
Corona virus and J&J is doing the same thing....killing old people
Coronavirus and J & J do the same.... they kill old people
Corona and J & J do the same thing... killing the old
Corona virus and A&J is doing the same thing....killing old people
Corona virus occurs and J & Johnny J is doing the same same thing.... killing old people
Corona virus and J&J is doing the horrible thing....killing old you
"Johnson & Johnson wants to inject you with their vaccine now. And ppl are taking money to be lab rats
"Johnson & Johnson now wants to inject you with their vaccine
Johnson & Johnson wants to give you its vaccine now. And ppl are taking money to become laboratory rats doomed... youtu.be / 4io9 _ RPsId0
"Johnson & Johnson wants to inject you with their vaccine now. And ppl are making money... be lab rats
"All Johnson & Johnson wants to only inject to you with even their vaccine now. 5 And ppl are taking money too to be for lab rats
"Johnson and Johnson plans to experiment you with their substance now. And ppl are selling money to be lab rats
"i’ve had the same bandaid on my leg for three days now. not by choice
"i have the same banddaid on my leg. not voluntarily
"I have had the same bandaid on my leg for three days already. Not by choice
"i’ve had the same bandaid on my leg for three days now. Im by choice
"i ’ ve had the same black bandaid on my leg over for three days now. not by conscious choice
"i’ve applied the same solution on my leg for three days now. not by choice
"Yesterday
"Yesterday
"Yesterday
"Yesterday
"Yesterday
"Yesterday
“These niggers are people too!”. . -Johnson & Johnson
"""These niggers are human beings too!"" -Johnson & Johnson"
"""These Negroes are human
“These machines are people too!”.. -Johnson & Johnson
“ and These niggers are people involved too! ”.. - Johnson & Samuel Johnson
“These niggers sound scary too!”.. -Johnson & Johnson
baby not j&j . 
"Baby
"The child
baby by j&j.
baby are not j & j.
did not j&j.
Johnson & Johnson settles pelvic-mesh lawsuit with W. Virginia nydailynews.com/news/national/…
Johnson & Johnson settles with W. Virginia nydailynews.com / news / national /...
Johnson & Johnson settles dispute with W. Virginia nydannews.com / news / national /...
Johnson & Johnson wins anti-mesh lawsuit with W. Virginia nydailynews.com/news/national/…
Johnson & Johnson Company settles his pelvic - spinal mesh lawsuit with W. Virginia nydailynews. at com / news / and national / …
Johnson on Johnson hold pelvic-mesh venture with W. Muhammad nydailynews.com/news/national/...
Big.  nyoos. Numewous gweat companies awe seeing.  fantastic wesuwts. @FDA must myove quickwy RawR  twitter.com/nytimes/status…
Big. nyoos. Countless gweat companies awe seein. fantastic wesuwts. @ FDA needs to myove quickwy RawR twitter.com / nytimes / status...
Big. nyoos. Numeous gweat companies awe seegg. fantastic bugs. @ FDA must myove quickwy RawR:.com / nytimes / status...
Big.  nyoos. Numewous gweat companies awe seeing.  fantastic wesuwts. RhandlerR must myove quickwy RawR  twitter.com/nytimes/status…
CD Big.  nyoos. Numewous gweat companies awe seeing.  fantastic wesuwts. RhandlerR must myove quickwy RawR  twitter.com/nytimes/status…
are
Both Johnson and Johnson can go to hell.
Both Johnson and Johnson can go to hell.
Both Johnson and Johnson could go to hell.
Both Johnson and Johnson can report to hell.
Both Johnson and Johnson can still go to hell.
Both Johnson with Johnson can go to hell.
"Are they not being sued for their baby powder?  Yet
Will they not be sued for their baby powder? But will we entrust them with a vaccine? Please..
"Are they being sued for their baby powder? Nevertheless
"Are they not being paid for their baby powder?  Yet
"A Are they not being sued... for their baby powder? Yet
"<unk> they not being sued for their baby loss? Yet
Parents who purchased Infants’ Tylenol in the past six years could get money back from a $6.3 million lawsuit settlement with manufacturer Johnson & Johnson.      bit.ly/2TqSzoX https://t.co/deo5mk3575
Parents who bought Tylenol for infants in the past six years could get money back from a $6.3 million settlement with manufacturer Johnson & Johnson. bit.ly / 2TqSzoX https: / / t.co / deo5mk3575
Parents who acquired Infants' Tylenol over the past six years could get their money back after settling a $6.3 million lawsuit with manufacturer Johnson & Johnson. bit.ly / 2TqSzoX https: / / Fenco / deo5mk3575
Parents used cut Infants’ Health in the past six years could get little back from a $6.3 million lawsuit settlement with insurer Johnson & Johnson.      bit.ly/2TqSzoX https://t.co/deo5mk3575]
Parents with who once purchased Infants The ’ Diet Tylenol in the past six years previously could successfully get money paid back from a $ 6. 3 million lawsuit settlement with manufacturer Johnson & Lyndon Johnson. bit. 1 ly / The 2TqSzoX https://t.co/deo5mk3575 ]
Parents who gave Infants’ Tylenol in the past six years now get money quicker from a $6.3 million lawsuit lawsuit with manufacturer Johnson & Johnson. By.ly/2TqSzoX []
"@JNJNews advertises (supports) Tucker Carlson. Tucker is the Fox host that told us ""they are coming to get you."" We all know who ""they"" are.. . You support a racist Johnson & Johnson. You can't say Black Lives Matter when you do that. Shame on you!!!!"
"@ JNJNews advertises (supports) Tucker Carlson. Tucker is the Fox host who told us
"@ JNJNews advertises (supports) Tucker Hemson. Tucker is the Fox host who told us
"@JNJNews advertises (supports) Tucker Carlson. Tucker is you TV announcer that told us ""they are coming to get you."" and all know who ""they"" are... You support a racist Johnson & Johnson. You can't say Black Lives Matter when you do nothing. Shame on him"
"@JNJNews advertises ( particularly supports ) Tucker and Carlson. Because Tucker is actually the Fox host that only told to us "" they are coming to get you. "" We all know who "" they "" are... You support a racist Johnson & Johnson. You can't always say Black Christian Lives Works Matter shit when you do that. Shame on you!!!!"
"Tucker<unk> (supports) Jackson Stone. Tucker is the second host to told us ""they are coming a get you."" We all know who ""they"" are... You support a racist Johnson & Johnson. You can't say White Lives Matter when you do that. Shame upon you!!!!"
""" "
""""
""""
""""
""""
""""
"""Unexplained illness"" - adverse effects of neurotoxin poisoning."
"""Unexplained disease"" - side effects of neurotoxin poisoning."
"""Terminable disease"" - the side effects of intoxication with psychotropic substances."
"""Unexplained illness"" - adverse effects of radiation poisoning."
""" Seriously Unexplained illness "" - adverse genetic effects of neurotoxin receptor poisoning."
"""Unexplained illness"" - adverse effects on chocolate poisoning."
"Talc is cancerous. Not figuratively
"Talc is carcinogenic
"Talc is a carcinogen. Not only is it harmful
"Talc is cancerous. Not figuratively
"Talc is cancerous. And Not figuratively
"Talc does cancerous. Not figuratively
So I guess Johnson & Johnson thinks people in the Philippines are expendable?
So do I think Johnson & Johnson thinks the people of the Philippines are expendable?
So I guess Johnson & Johnson thinks people in the Philippines are expensive?
So I guess Scott & Johnson thinks people in the Philippines are expendable?
So I guess Johnson & Don Johnson who thinks people interested in the Philippines are expendable?
So I guess Brazilian President Johnson thinks people in the Philippines are expendable?
I can't wait . 
I can't wait.
I can't wait.
I can't explain.
But I can't wait.
really can't wait.
@TheHoaxHotel I just got a scam call from Johnson & Johnson claiming to be testing a Coronavirus vaccine.
@ TheHoaxHotel I've just received a scam call from Johnson & Johnson claiming to be testing a coronavirus vaccine.
@ TheHoaxHotel I have just received a call from a fraudster from Johnson & Johnson claiming to be testing a coronavirus vaccine.
@TheHoaxHotel I just had a scam call from Johnson & Johnson claiming their be testing a Coronavirus vaccine.
@TheHoaxHotel I just about got from a scam phone call from Johnson & Johnson claiming to be also testing a Coronavirus replacement vaccine.
morning I just got a scam call from Robert & Johnson claiming to be testing a generic vaccine.
When I heard Johnson and Johnson a family company I pictured a dad waking his son up on the weekend to help them make all surface cleaner and shit
"When I heard Johnson and Johnson start a family business
"When I heard that Johnson and Johnson are family company
When I heard Johnson and Johnson a family company I pictured a dad waking his family alone on the weekend to help them make all surface cleaner and shit
When I heard Johnson and the Johnson a family company I almost pictured myself a dad waking his future son up there on the weekend to help them make all surface cleaner and shit
When I heard Johnson and Johnson used family company I picture a dad waking his son up on the weekend to help he make all surface cleaner less shit
Oh wow you finally realize black ppl exist
"Oh wow
"Oh
Oh wow you finally realize black ppl<unk>
Oh wow you will finally realize black ppl does exist
Oh wow government finally realize black ppl exist
Vaccines? Hell Fucking No.
Vaccinations? Hell Fucking No.
Vaccines? Hell Fucking No.
Vaccines? Hell Fucking yes.
Vaccines? No Hell But Fucking No.
you? Hell Fucking No.
Hmmmm idk if we should trust them..they screwed with millions of women the first time around
Hmmmm idk if we should trust them.. they screwed up with millions of women for the first time
Um-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m
Hmmmm idk perhaps we should trust them..they screwed with millions of women the first way around
Hmmmm idk if... we truly should trust them.. but they screwed with millions of other women the first time around
Hmmmm idk if we should emulate them..they screwed like millions of women a first time around
Johnson & Johnson pauses COVID-19 vaccine trial over patient exhibiting an 'unexplained illness'  twitter.com/i/events/13158…. . Until the vaccine is done and safe. Why can’t everyone just follow the damn rules. Social distance. If can’t wear a damn mask. Stay home as much as u can
"Johnson & Johnson is suspending the COVID-19 vaccine trial on patients with an ""unexplained disease
"Trials of the Johnson & Johnson pCOVID-19 vaccine on a patient with an ""unexplained illness..."" until the vaccine is made and safe. Why can't everyone just follow the cursed rules? Social distance."
Johnson & Johnson pauses COVID-19 vaccine trial over patient exhibiting an 'unexplained illness'  twitter.com/i/events/13158…. . Until the vaccine is done and safe. Why can’t everyone just follow the damn rules. Social distance. If can’t wear a damn mask. Stay home as much as u can
... Johnson & Johnson pauses COVID-19 vaccine trial over patient exhibiting an 'unexplained illness'  twitter.com/i/events/13158…. . Until the vaccine is done and safe. Why can’t everyone just follow the damn rules. Social distance. If can’t wear a damn mask. Stay home as much as u can
are
Wasn't there a lawsuit against them with cancer
Wasn't there a case against her with cancer?
Was there a lawsuit against them with cancer?
Wasn't there a lawsuit against them with […]
Wasn't at there a lawsuit against them child with cancer
Wasn't there a lawsuit left them with cancer
Sales decline in U.S. & Canada due to cancer claims. So the company decides to victimize people in the Third World.
The decline in sales in the US and Canada due to cancer causes the company to choose to harass people in the Third World.
Slower sales in the US and Canada due to cancer claims.
Sales decline in U.S. & Canada due to cancer issues. So the company decides it victimize people in the Third World.
20 Sales decline in U. S. & In Canada especially due to cancer claims. 18 So the company decides to victimize more people in the Third World.
Sales went into U.S. & overseas due to cancer use. So the company decides to victimize people in the Third World.
Johnson & Johnson ? If anybody smart I wouldn’t trust that shit anyways
"Johnson & Johnson: If anyone was smart
"Johnson and Johnson? If someone was smart
Johnson & Johnson? If anybody knows I wouldn’t trust that shit anyways
Johnson & The Johnson? Joe If anybody smart like I wouldn ’ t trust that shit anyways
Johnson & Company? Am anybody smart I wouldn’t trust that shit anyways
Johnson & Johnson has become the fourth  
Johnson & Johnson finishes fourth
Johnson & Johnson is fourth
Johnson & Johnson would become the fourth
and Johnson & Johnson has become the fourth
Johnson & Johnson has become my fourth
Why they lie like this?
Why are they lying?
Why are they lying so much?
Why they lie in this?
Why they would lie like this?
Why they lie you this?
And the US WANTS TO TRUST THIS COMPANY with a VACCINE?. . Johnson & Johnson knew for decades that ASBESTOS lurked in some of its baby powder - nbcnews.com/health/health-…
And the U.S. wants to trust this company with a vaccine?... Johnson & Johnson knew for decades that ASBESTOS was lurking in part of its baby powder - nbcnews.com / health / health-...
Johnson and Johnson knew for decades that ASBESTOS lured them with baby powder - nnews.com / health /...
And the US WANTS TO TRUST THIS COMPANY AS a VACCINE?. The Johnson & Johnson knew for decades that ASBESTOS was underneath some of its baby powder - Shutterstock.com/health/health-…
And the words US WANTS TO TRUST THIS THE COMPANY UP with a VACCINE?.. Johnson & Johnson knew for decades that this ASBESTOS has lurked secret in some sort of this its baby powder - at nbcnews. au com / health / health - …
IN the US WANTS TO TRUST THIS COMPANY WITHOUT a VACCINE?.. Johnson & Johnson sold it awhile so ASBESTOS sells with some of its baby powder - nbcnews.com/health/health-...
wtf
wtf
wtf
wtf
or wtf
wtf
guess they want to give back since their cancer trust fund has almost run out for their feminine powder tragedy that killed many women
"They may want to give something back
guess what they want to give away as their cancer trust fund is almost depleted by the female powder tragedy that has claimed the lives of many women
guess they want to give out since their cancer trust fund has almost zero out for their feminine powder tragedy that killed many women
guess they want to give back since as their cancer trust fund has almost run out for their feminine powder The tragedy that basically killed many beautiful women
guess they want to give back since their cancer trust that has almost run up since their feminine powder tragedy that killed many women
You mean the same company that has lost countless million & billion dollar law suits over the last few years with regards to their baby powder which was sold for decades over the counter? Is that the same company?
You mean the same company that has lost countless millions and billions of dollars in litigation over its decades-old over-the-counter baby powder?
"Are you referring to the same company that lost countless lawsuits worth millions and billions of dollars in the last few years over its baby powder
You mean the same company that has filed countless million & silver dollar law suits over the first few years with regards to their trading powder which was sold for decades over the counter? Is that the same company?
You cannot mean the same company that has lost countless million & billion dollar law reform suits over the last few years with regards to all their baby powder lines which was sold for decades over over the wholesale counter? Is any that the same damn company?
You mean the same company that has seen countless million & billion pound law suits over the last few years appealing only to their dog powder which was sold for decades over the ocean? Is that the same company?
Criminals keeping each other going ...money/power/influence.....Fuck everyone else!
Criminals who keep each other going... Money / Power / Influence..... Shit on everyone else!
Criminals keep each other in check... money / power / influence..... Fuck everyone else!
Criminals keeping each other going...money/power/influence.....Fuck everyone together!
Criminals keeping each other... going... money / power / influence..... you Fuck all everyone yet else!
Criminals watching each other going...money/power/influence.....Fuck it<unk>!
Major shutdown
Great administrative gridlock
A Major Shutdown
Major leagues
Ohio Major shutdown
Major Night
first astrazeneca now j&j...we're screwed
first astrazeneca now j & j... we are screwed
the first astrzenka is now w & w... we are screwed
first astrazeneca now j&j...we're screwed
first five astrazeneca now plus j & j... we we're screwed
first is now j&j...we're going
correct me if i'm wrong but aren't people suing johnson & johnshon for carcinogens in their products???????
"Correct me if I'm wrong
"Correct me if I'm wrong
correct me if nothing wrong but still people suing johnson & johnshon for carcinogens in their products???????
correct me for if maybe i'm wrong but aren'tell t you people directly suing johnson & da johnshon for causing carcinogens in their products???????
correct me when i'm wrong but aren't people smoking johnson & johnshon against carcinogens in their bodies???????
Just another small example of how black people aren’t even considered in life.
Just another small example of how black people are not even considered in life.
Another small example of how black people are not even counted in life.
Just another small example of being black people aren’t even considered in life.
... Just another small example of how black people aren hasn ’ t even considered irrelevant in life.
Just another small example of times famous people aren’t even considered in life.
Johnson & Johnson have temporarily paused further dosing in all their COVID-19 vaccine candidate clinical trials due to an unexplained illness in a study participant. . . The participant’s illness is being reviewed and evaluated by their internal clinical and safety physicians. pic.twitter.com/z8pucJj2Yh
Johnson & Johnson has temporarily suspended further dosages in all of its COVID-19 vaccine candidate clinical trials due to an unexplained condition in one participant... The participant's disease is being reviewed and assessed by its in-house clinical and safety physicians. pic.twitter.com / z8pucJj2Yh
Johnson & Johnson has temporarily suspended further clinical trials of the COVID-19 vaccine due to an unexplained illness of the study participant... The participant's illness is being studied and evaluated by its internal clinical and safety physiologists. pic.facebook.com / z8pucJj2Yh
Johnson & Johnson have temporarily paused further dosing in all their COVID-19 vaccine candidate clinical trials due to an unexplained illness in a study participant. . . The participant’s illness is being reviewed and evaluated by their internal clinical and safety physicians. pic.twitter.com/z8pucJj2Yh
C Johnson & Johnson have temporarily paused further dosing in all their COVID-19 vaccine candidate clinical trials due to an unexplained illness in a study participant. . . The participant’s illness is being reviewed and evaluated by their internal clinical and safety physicians. pic.twitter.com/z8pucJj2Yh
is
Currently in litigation over talc in their baby powder as well. Disgusting
There is also currently a dispute over talc in her baby powder.
They are also currently in a coma because of the talc content of their baby powder.
Currently in litigation over talc in their baby powder as well.<unk>
Currently in litigation dispute over talc in their baby powder company as of well. Disgusting
Currently in litigation over talc in their tea powder as well. They
"From @TheHill: Johnson & Johnson announced Monday that it had become the second company to halt its trials on a COVID-19 vaccine due to an ""unexplained illness"" affecting a trial participant."
"From @ TheHill: Johnson & Johnson announced Monday that it is the second company to suspend trials of a COVID-19 vaccine due to an ""unexplained illness"" in a study participant."
"From @ TheHill: Johnson & Johnson announced on Monday that it had become the second company to halt its trials of the COVID-19 vaccine due to an ""unexplained illness"" affecting a trial participant."
"From @TheHill: Johnson & Johnson announced Monday that it had been the second company to halt its trials on a COVID-19 vaccine due to an unspecified illness"" affecting the key participant."
"Learning From @TheHill : Johnson & Johnson announced their Monday that August it had become the second company to completely halt its European trials on creating a COVID - 19 vaccine due to an "" entirely unexplained illness "" negatively affecting a pending trial participant."
"From Cancer: Johnson Defense Control acknowledged Monday that it had become the second company to halt its trials on its COVID-19 vaccine due to another ""unexplained illness"" affecting a trial participant."
Awful
Terrible
Awful
Awful
So Awful
we
Legit tho the worrying thing is that if the vaccine Johnson & Johnson makes I’m probably NOT going to get it SINCE THEY GAVE THOUSANDS OF PEOPLE CANCER. I’m gonna be like “no give me the german vaccine please”
"Legit tho the concern is that if the vaccine Johnson & Johnson makes I'm unlikely to get it SINCE THEY GAVE THOUSANDS OF PEOPLE CRECER. I'll be like ""no give me the German vaccine please."""
"Legitimate is the concern that if the Johnson & Johnson vaccine does I'm probably NOT going to get it
Legit tho the other thing is that if the vaccine Johnson & Riley makes I’m absolutely NOT going to get pregnant SINCE THEY WATCH THOUSANDS OF PEOPLE CANCER. I’m gonna be like “no give me the flu vaccine please”
... Legit tho the worrying guy thing is that if the vaccine Johnson & Hyde Johnson gives makes I ’ m probably NOT going to get it SINCE THEY NO GAVE THOUSANDS ONE OF PEOPLE CANCER. I ’ m gonna... be like “ no give me half the little german vaccine please you ”
that tho the worrying myth is that for the vaccine Johnson from Johnson makes I’m probably NOT unlikely to get it SINCE THEY GAVE THOUSANDS OF PEOPLE CANCER. I’m gotta be like “no down to the german stuff please”
No baby they are WAYYYYYYYY TOOOOO LATE
"No baby
No baby they are WAYYYYYYY TOOOO LATE
No – they are WAYYYYYYYY TOOOOO LATE
Now No because baby they are WAYYYYYYYY and TOOOOO or LATE
No baby clothes are WAYYYYYYYY SO LATE
"Too good to hope
Too good to hope for?
Too good to hope?
"Too good to hope
"Too good to hope
"Too good to eat
"Oh look
"Alas
Still want this life-saving vaccine against a virus you probably will never get / have had and have a 99.97% chance of survival? Thought not.
"Oh look
"Oh but look
"Oh look
I really wanna kno why tf the studies start half a year from now with it possibly being available by next year. We damn there all finna be infected with Corona a whole year from now
I really do not want to understand why the studies will only start in six months' time and possibly be available next year; we damn well know that all Finns will be infected with corona in a whole year's time.
I really wanna kno why tf the studies start half a year from now with it possible being available by next year. We damn there all finna be infected with Corona a whole year from now
I really wanna kno why tf should studies start half the year from now with it possibly being available by next year. We damn there all finna be good with Corona a whole year from now
That I really wanna have kno why tf the studies here start half a year from now with it possibly being available by next year. We damn there all think finna you be that infected with Corona life a whole year from that now
I a wanna kno why tf this studies start half a year from now and it possibly being available by next year. No fear there they finna be infected with Corona a whole year from now
We’re all gonna die . 
We're all going to die.
We're all going to die.
We’re never gonna die.
We then ’ re all gonna die.
We’re all never die.
"LMAO...this country is fvcked up. JFC
"LMAO... this country is confused. JFC has just seen a Johnson & Johnson commercial - you know
"JFC
"LMAO...this country is fvcked up. Heck
"LMAO... this country really is fvcked up. JFC
"LMAO...this country is packed up. JFC
"Johnson & Johnson
"Johnson & Johnson
Johnson & Johnson knowingly sold baby powder containing asbestos for decades and are now charged with manufacturing
"Johnson & Johnson
"Johnson & Johnson
"Johnson & Johnson
I can only imagine the markup the vaccine will have. Probably in the 1500% range and it won't be an effective
"I can only imagine what impact the vaccine will have
I can only imagine what a mark-up the vaccine will have.
I cannot only imagine the markup the vaccine will have. Probably only the 1500% range and it won't be an effective
While I can only vaguely imagine the toxic markup that the vaccine will surely have. Probably in the 1500 % range and it won't be an effective
I have only imagine the markup the vaccine will have. Probably in a 1500% range and that won't be an effective
Johnson & Johnson can't even make baby powder without killing people.
Johnson & Johnson can't even make baby powder without killing people.
Johnson & Johnson can't even make baby powder without killing people.
Johnson & Johnson can't even produce baby powder without killing people.
Johnson & Johnson can'e t even mentally make baby powder without killing people.
Smith & Johnson can't even shoot baby powder without killing people.
No surprise Trump keeps making the same mistakes over & over - a man who can't admit he's wrong is seldom capable of introspection and thus change.. .  
"Not surprisingly
"Not surprisingly
No surprise Trump kept making the same mistakes over & again - a man who can't admit he's wrong is only capable of introspection and thus change...
s No great surprise Trump keeps making the same mistakes up over & over - While a true man who can't admit he's wrong is seldom capable just of constant introspection and thus change...
No surprise Trump keeps making the same mistakes over & because - A man whom can't admit he's wrong is seldom supporters of introspection which thus change...
It’d be best if you would stop spreading hate by funding it. End ALL your advertising on news stations that sow division and hate. . . If racism was truly unacceptable to your company you would have stopped funding hate BEFORE posting this Tweet.
"It would be best if you stopped spreading hate by funding it. Stop ALL your advertising on news channels that sow division and hatred... If racism were really unacceptable to your business
"It would be better if you stopped spreading hate by funding it. Stop ALL your advertising on news stations that sow division and hatred... If racism were really unacceptable to your company
It’d be best if you would stop spreading hate WITHOUT funding it. Avoid certain commercial advertising and news stations that sow division and hate... If racism was truly unacceptable to your company you would have stopped funding hate BEFORE posting this Tweet.
It ’ d also be best if you kids would stop spreading hate by funding it. End ALL your advertising on news radio stations that sow division and oppose hate... Even If the racism truly was truly absolutely unacceptable to your company you would have just stopped funding hate BEFORE posting this Hate Tweet.
It’d really best if you would stop spreading hatred by funding it. End ALL of advertising on news stations that show division and hate... If anything was truly good to your company you seriously have stopped funding programs BEFORE posting this Tweet.
Not me sorry
I'm not sorry
Don't feel sorry for me
Not me...
Not me who sorry
Not me though
Johnson & Johnson discontinues it's talc based powder in U S A & Canada for allegedly having  some cancerous metals therein..  .  
Johnson & Johnson is discontinuing its talcum powder at U S A & Canada because it is said to contain carcinogenic metals.
"Johnson & Johnson ceases production of talcum powder in U S A & Canada
Johnson & Johnson discontinues it's talc based powder in U S A & Canada – allegedly having  some cancerous metals that .
Johnson & Johnson discontinues releasing it's talc based powder in U S A & R Canada mainly for allegedly including having some non cancerous metals available therein...
Johnson & Johnson withdrew it's talc based powder in U S AND the Canada for allegedly having some cancerous abnormalities therein...
Already Johnson and Johnson has the magical cure! I guess it’s a result of all those lawsuits they took.
Johnson and Johnson already have the magic cure! I guess it's the result of all these lawsuits they've brought.
Allen Johnson and Johnson have a magic cure! I believe this is the result of all the lawsuits they have taken.
Already Johnson and Johnson has another magical cure! I guess it’s a result of all those precautions they took.
Already Johnson and Johnson has gotten the magical cure! I just guess it probably ’ s a result of all those lawsuits they already took.
Already Jackson and Johnson has the magical cure! I guess it’s a result of losing those lawsuits they faced.
"You mean the same Johnson & Johnson that suppressed reports of asbestos contamination in their talc products for decades??? Wonder how many died??? And Birx says; ""Randomized controlled studies show NO evidence of improved outcome with HCQ."" LIAR???. youtu.be/77TMszubRU4"
"You're referring to the same Johnson & Johnson that for decades suppressed reports of asbestos contamination in its talc products??? I wonder how many have died??? and Birx says
"You mean the same Johnson & Johnson that for decades covered up reports of asbestos contamination of their products with talc??? I wonder how many died??? And Birks says
"You mean the same Bob & Johnson that suppressed reports of potential contamination in US talc bags for decades??? Wonder how many died??? And Birx says; ""Randomized cohort studies show additional evidence of improved outcome with HCQ."" LIAR???. youtu.be/77TMszubRU4"
"You mean like the exact same Johnson & Johnson firm that suppressed reports of asbestos contamination in their talc products once for decades??? Wonder how many consumers died??? And Steve Birx says ; "" Randomized controlled studies sometimes show NO evidence form of your improved outcome with HCQ. "" 24 LIAR???. youtu. be / 77TMszubRU4"
"You mean those same Johnson Johnson Johnson that suppressed reports of asbestos contamination in their talc products for years Wonder how children died??? And Birx says; ""Randomized controlled studies provide NO evidence for clinical outcome following HCQ."" Or. youtu.be/77TMszubRU4"
Oh shut up. We don't want your performative activism. Keep your products
Oh shut up. We don't want your performative activism. Shut up.
Oh shut up. We don't want your performance.
Oh shut up. We don't want your performative activism. Keep fighting products
Only Oh shut up. We don't want any your performative community activism. Keep your products
Oh shut please. We don't want that performative activism. Keep your products
This does not feel like a good sign to me.
That doesn't feel like a good sign to me.
That doesn't sound like a good sign to me.
This does not signal like a good sign to me.
This does not feel like a most good sign compared to me.
This does not feel like a good sign with me.
"It only took them 16
"It only took 16
"It took just 16
"It only took them 16
"It only took them 16
"It only took them 16
"J+J Fund Tucker Carlson with their ad buys
"J + J Fund Tucker Carlson with their ad buys
"The J + J Tucker Hesson Foundation
"J+J Fund Tucker Carlson with their ad buys
"J + J Global Fund feeds Tucker Carlson with their large ad buys
"J+J love Tucker Carlson with their ad buys
RT sigh. One of the most corrupted companies in charge of vaccine testing. I wonder what happens next
RT sighs. One of the most corrupt companies responsible for vaccine testing.
RT sigh. One of the most corrupt companies in charge of vaccine testing. I wonder what will happen next?
RT sigh. One of the most corrupted companies on charge of vaccine testing. Ever wonder what happens next
RT sigh. One of now the most rapidly corrupted companies in charge of vaccine testing. I do wonder absently what happens next
RT sigh. Four of your most corrupted companies in charge of vaccine testing. I wonder what goes next
"Yeah
"Yes
"Yes
"Yeah
"to Yeah
"Yeah
"As the United States was succumbing to an epidemic of addiction
"When the United States succumbed to an epidemic of addiction
"While the United States successfully fought drug addiction
"As the United States was succumbing to an epidemic of cancer
"As so the United States was now succumbing to an unprecedented epidemic of addiction
"time the United States contemplated succumbing with this epidemic of addiction
Johnson & Johnson Baby Powder. . qoo.ly/365rkq. .  
Johnson & Johnson Baby Powder.. qoo.ly / 365rkq.
Johnson & Johnson Baby Powder.. qoo.ly / 365rkq..
Johnson & Johnson Baby Powder.. qoo.ly/365rkq. j
v Johnson & Johnson Baby Cream Powder.. v qoo. v ly / 365rkq..
Johnson Johnson Magic Dry Powder.. qoo.ly/365rkq..
"Crazy how a brand sold in Canada & the US since 1894 can disappear from shelves overnight. Consistent rumours and bad press are being blamed for this decision
"Crazy how a brand that has been sold in Canada and the US since 1894 can disappear from the shelves overnight. ""Persistent rumors and bad press are blamed for this decision
"How a brand sold in Canada and the United States since 1894 can disappear from the shelves overnight is blamed on persistent rumors and bad press
"Crazy how much gin sold in Canada & the US since 1894 can disappear from shelves overnight. Consistent rumours and bad press are likely reasons for this decision
"Crazy how a luxury brand properly sold in southern Canada & the UK US just since 1894 can disappear from shelves overnight. Consistent rumours and even bad press are being partly blamed for all this decision
"Crazy Now any brand famous in Canada & the US since 1894 can disappear down shelves overnight. Hollywood rumours and bad taste are being blamed for this decision
Not a good news for battle with  
Not good news for the fight with
Not good news for the battle against climate change.
Not a good candidate for battle with
Not necessarily a good news for battle with
Not a good target for battle with
No now listen here folks you couldn't trust Johnson & Johnson with baby powder and now you're going to let them give you a vaccine you're all out of your minds. And I can't wait to check out of this weirdo Circus World
"Don't listen to people you couldn't trust Johnson & Johnson with baby powder
"No
No now listen here folks you couldn't trust Johnson & Mayo with baby powder and now you're going let let them give you flu vaccine you're all out of your minds. And I can't wait to check out of this weirdo company World
No now listen here folks you couldn't trust this Johnson & Johnson with invented baby powder and now you're probably going to let them go give you a vaccine you're all out parts of your minds. And one I kinda can't wait to check myself out of with this little weirdo Circus World
No now around here since you couldn't trust Johnson & Johnson with baby powder and now you're going to let one give you a vaccine you're all out of your woods. And I can't wait to catch episodes of this weirdo Halloween World
"In 1982
"In 1982
"In 1982
"In 1982
"In 1982
"In 1982
"Stupid! Political correctness is really a sin! If black skin is a treasure
"Stupid! Political correctness is really a sin! If black skin is a treasure
"Silly! Political correctness is indeed a sin! If black skin is a treasure trove
"Stupid! Political correctness is NOT a sin! If black skin is a treasure
"Stupid! Political sexual correctness really is really a sin! 11 If black skin is a treasure
"Stupid! Cultural correctness is being a sin! If the skin is a treasure
Please share tweets like this with me. I want to see how businesses are responding and changing to stop racism.
Please share tweets like this with me. I want to see how companies react and change to end racism.
I want to see how businesses respond and change to stop racism.
Please share tweets like this with me. I want to see how businesses are helping and changing to correct racism.
15 Please share tweets like this with me. So I want fans to see exactly how businesses are responding and changing to stop racism.
Please share tweets like this with me. I want you see how businesses are thinking and changing to stop it.
"Earlier
"Earlier
"Earlier
"Earlier
"3 Earlier
"Earlier
"Before y’all try and recreate this shit I got one thing to say
"Before I try to recreate this shit
"Before I try to recreate this crap
"Before y’all try and recreate any shit I have one thing to say
"Before final y ’ all would try and completely recreate together this entire shit I got one big thing to say
"Before y’all fuck and recreate what shit have got one thing to know
"Right now I am so damned pissed I can't see straight. It's time to burn up the phone lines w/ congressmen & senators
"It's Time to Burn the Phone Lines of Congressmen & Senators
"It's time to burn the phone lines with Congressmen and Senators
"Right now I am already damned pissed I can't see straight. It's time to burn up the phone lines w/ House & Senate
"Right days now I am so get damned pissed why I practically can't see straight.... It's time to burn you up the phone lines to w / congressmen & senators
"Right now I am so damned pissed I can't remember straight. It's time to burn up trillion phone lines w/ congressmen and senators
Johnson & Johnson was pummeled with $186 million in combined punitive damages at a New Jersey state trial over claims the pharmaceutical giant knowingly sold baby powder containing asbestos and hid that contamination from the public with reckless indifference to the consequences
Johnson & Johnson has been awarded a total of $186 million in damages in a New Jersey lawsuit over claims that the pharmaceutical giant knowingly sold asbestos-containing baby powder and hid the contamination from the public with reckless indifference to the consequences.
Johnson & Johnson has been fined $186 million in cumulative punitive damages in a New Jersey lawsuit alleging that the American giant knowingly sold baby powder containing asbestos and hid the contamination from the public with reckless indifference to the consequences.
Johnson & Johnson was pummeled with $186 million in combined punitive damages at a New Jersey state trial amid claims the pharmaceutical giant improperly sold metal powder containing asbestos and hid that contamination from the public with reckless indifference to the hazard
Johnson & Johnson was pummeled with $ roughly 186 million in combined and punitive medicinal damages claims at a New Middle Jersey special state trial over claims the pharmaceutical giant knowingly sold baby formula powder containing asbestos and apparently hid that contamination from sweeping the public with reckless indifference up to the consequences
Johnson & Johnson was pummeled seeking $186 millions in combined punitive damages at a New Jersey state trial by allegations American pharmaceutical giant knowingly sold baby boomers containing asbestos and hid that contamination in the public with reckless indifference to the consequences
"Johnson & Johnson is about to enter phase 3 trials of a COVID vaccine that only works in one dose
"Johnson & Johnson is about to enter Phase 3 trials for a single-dose COVID vaccine
"Johnson & Johnson is about to enter Phase 3 trials of a COVID vaccine that works in just one dose
"Johnson + Johnson being about to enter phase III trials of a COVID vaccine that only works in one dose
"Johnson & Johnson is actually about to even enter phase of 3 trials of a COVID vaccine that only works in one dose
"guy from Johnson is about to enter phase 3 study on a COVID vaccine that only starts in one dose
Johnson & Johnson had to recall more than 31 million bottles of @tylenol back in 1982. It’s just one of several unforgettable (and very expensive) recalls from over the years. ow.ly/ovYY50zf2Lh
Johnson & Johnson had to recall more than 31 million bottles of @ tylenol in 1982. ow.ly / ovY50zf2Lh It's just one of several memorable (and very expensive) recalls from recent years. ow.ly / ovY50zf2Lh
"Johnson & Johnson had to recall more than 31 million bottles of @ tylenol back in 1982
Johnson Charles Johnson had to recall more than a million bottles of @tylenol back in 1981. It’s just one of several unforgettable (and very common) recalls from over the years. http.ly/ovYY50zf2Lh
Johnson & Francis Johnson Products had to periodically recall more than 31 million bottles all of @tylenol back in 1982. 1 It ’ s just one record of several unforgettable ( and very expensive ) such recalls from over through the years. d ow. ly / l ovYY50zf2Lh
Johnson & Johnson had another recall more over 31 million bottles of @tylenol just in 1952. It’s just one of our unforgettable (and very sad) recalls from over four millennia. ow.ly/ovYY50zf2Lh
"Johnson & Johnson Vaginal-Mesh Lawsuit: Destruction Of Evidence Regarding TVT Sling May Be Brought Before Jury
"Johnson & Johnson Vaginal-Mesh Lawsuit: Destruction of Evidence Regarding TVT Sling May be Brought before Jury
"The suit by Johnson & Johnson Vaginal-Mesh: Destruction Of Evidence Regarding & T Sling may be filed before
"Johnson & Johnson Vaginal-Mesh Lawsuit: Destruction Of Evidence Regarding TVT Sling May Be Brought Before Jury
"Johnson & Johnson v Vaginal - Mesh Assault Lawsuit : Destruction Of Preliminary Evidence Regarding TVT When Sling May Be Immediately Brought Before Jury
"Johnson & Johnson Technologies-Mesh Lawsuit: Destruction Of Evidence On TVT Sling May Be Brought Before Court
"Why was this shit still on the market? I never used baby powder on my kids
"Why was this shit still on the market? I never used baby powder on my kids
"Why was this crap still on the market? I never used baby powder for my children
"Why was this shit still on the market? I never used baby powder on my kids
"Why was getting this shit still on the market? Mom I never used any baby powder but on my beautiful kids
"Why was this shit still on the market? I never used baby snuff on my kids
"The line “in 88’ sold more powder than
"The line ""in 88"" sells more powder than Johnson & Johnson ""will never sound the same now."
"The line ""at 88'sold more powder than Johnson & Johnson"" will never sound the same again"
"The message “in 88’ sold more powder than
"2016 The line “ in 88 ’ sold more powder than
"The line is 88’ sold more powder than
The same company that was spreading cancer
The same company that spread cancer
The same company that spread cancer
The same company that was spreading AIDS
The same company claims that was spreading cancer
The same company that was spreading information
I just saw Missouri Court slaps Johnson&Johnson with Damages for Asbestos in Baby powder - Click to see also .   elginmattjohnandassociates.com/2020/06/25/mis…
I've just seen Missouri Court slap Johnson & Johnson for asbestos in baby powder - click here to see it. elginmattjohnandassociates.com / 2020 / 06 / 25 / mis...
I've just seen a Missouri court pat Johnson & Johnson on the shoulder over asbestos in baby powder - Click to see also. elginmatt & associates.com / 2020 / 06 / 25 / mis...
I just win Missouri Court slaps Johnson&Johnson to Damages for Asbestos Powder Baby powder - Click here see also.   elginmattjohnandassociates.com/2020/06/25/mis…
I recently just saw The Missouri Court slaps by Johnson & Johnson Act with Further Damages for Asbestos in Baby powder - Click harder to see also. elginmattjohnandassociates. com / the 2020 / 2015 06 / 25 / mis …
I just saw Missouri EPA slaps Johnson&Johnson in fingers since taking in Baby powder - Click to save headline. elginmattjohnandassociates.com/2020/06/25/mis...
This shit is bad and I frequently ate it as a small child..
This shit is bad and I often ate it as a small child.
"This crap is bad
This shit is bad and I practically ate it as a small child..
This shit is bad and I must frequently ate it out as a silly small child..
This shit is delicious and I frequently ate it as a small child..
Here Here same for me I’ll never take a test or a vaccine don’t care what anyone says even like tonight when Trump mentioned vaccines w Johnson &Johnson not getting one I don’t trust anyone w my health right now especially Drs and nurses I know that’s terrible to say but oh well!
"I'm never going to do a test or take a vaccine
"Here's the same for me
Here Here same for me I’ll never take a test or a vaccine don’t care what anyone think even once tonight when Trump mentioned vaccines w Johnson &Johnson not getting one I don’t trust anyone about my health right now especially Drs and nurses I understand that’s terrible a say though oh well!
Here Here same is for me I probably ’ ll never take a blood test or a vaccine don ’ t care what anyone says even just like tonight when Trump ever mentioned vaccines like w Johnson & Johnson is not getting one I don ’ weren t trust anyone w my health right now especially Drs and nurses I know that ’ s still terrible to say but then oh well!
Here too same being me and never take a medication or a vaccine don’t care who anyone says even like you when some mentioned vaccines w Johnson &Johnson not getting one I don’t trust anyone w my health right now especially Drs so Doctors I know that’s terrible to say but bloody well!
Yeah this probably isn’t good
"Yes
"Yes
Yeah this probably isn’t true
Yeah just this probably isn ’ t good
Yeah this chick isn’t good
Scammers always stick together
Fraudsters always stick together
Scammers Always Hold Together
Scammers always weave together
Scammers always said stick together
will always stick together
@JNJCares good Luck! Hope lives go before profit! Available for everyone!
@ JNJCares Good Luck! Hopefully life goes before profit! Available to all!
@ JNJCares good Luck! Hope lives go before profit! Available for everyone!
@JNJCares good Luck! Hope sales go before profit! Available for everyone!
The @JNJCares for good Bye Luck! Hope lives go before profit! Available for everyone!
@JNJCares good friends! their lives go before profit! Available for everyone!
Parents who bought Infants' Tylenol in the past six years could get money back from a $6.3 million lawsuit settlement with Johnson & Johnson. Here's how: buff.ly/2u1GrAc https://t.co/yKoqAgELOs
Parents who bought Tylenol for infants over the past six years could get money back from a $6.3 million settlement with Johnson & Johnson: buff.ly / 2u1GrAc https: / / t.co / yKoqAgELOs
Parents who bought Infants' Tylenol over the past six years could get money back from a $6.3 million settlement with Johnson & Johnson. Here's how: buff.ly / 2u1GrAc https: / / Fenco / yKoqAgELOS
Parents who bought Infants' Tylenol drugs the past six years could get money back joining its $6.3 million lawsuit settlement with Johnson and Co. Here's how: buff.ly/2u1GrAc https://t.co/yKoqAgELOs]
That Parents who bought Infants'Tylenol in just the past six years automatically could get money back from paying a $ 6. 3 ¹⁄₂ million lawsuit settlement with Johnson & Betty Johnson. Here'this s one how : buff. ly / is 2u1GrAc a https://t.co/yKoqAgELOs ]
stores who bought Infants' Milk in the past six markets just get money back from a $.3 million lawsuit settlement with Bain & Johnson. Here's how: <.ly/2u1GrAc https://t.co/yKoqAgELOs]
johnson & johnson about to solve COVID but still can't fix the  
"johnson & johnson close to solving COVID
"Johnson and Johnson are about to solve COVID
johnson & johnson about to solve COVID we still can't fix the
johnson & johnson sound about ready to solve crime COVID but still can't somehow fix the
johnson & johnson about a purchase COVID but still haven't fix the
" . . Johnson & Johnson suspending clinical trial because of unexplained illness which means the online enrollment system has been closed for the 60
"... Johnson & Johnson has suspended the clinical trial due to unexplained illness
"Johnson & Johnson is suspending clinical trials because of an unexplained illness
".. Johnson & Johnson suspending clinical trial because of unexplained illness which means the online enrollment system has been closed for the 10
".. Johnson & Jay Johnson suspending clinical phases trial because fear of its unexplained illness which means the online enrollment system has already been closed for the 60
".. Johnson Of Wales suspending clinical trial because of unexplained illness which broke the online enrollment that has been closed every US 60
Fuck you

Fuck you
Fuck off
Fuck all you
Fuck in
i told y’all it was a plot for johnson johnson to get good again 🤣
I told y'all it was a plot to make Johnny Johnson look good.
I said it was a plot for Jason Johnson Jr to recover.
i told me it was a plot for johnson johnson to get good rap 🤣
whatever i told y ’ is all it was a huge plot for johnson johnson to eventually get good again [UNK]
i told y’all it was no way for johnson johnson to get good trouble <unk>
The same Johnson & Johnson that got recalled for their products causing cancer? pic.twitter.com/RLd26m6B7C
Same Johnson & Johnson recalled for carcinogenic products? pic.twitter.com / RLd26m6B7C
The same Johnson & Johnson that has been recalled for its cancer-causing products? pic.wikipedia.org / RLd26m6B7C
The same Johnson & Johnson that got recalled for their products causing cancer? pic.twitter.com/RLd26m6B7C
Source The same Johnson & Johnson that got recalled for their products causing cancer? pic.twitter.com/RLd26m6B7C
you
This might be the scariest headline I've ever read.
This could be the scariest headline I've ever read.
It's probably the scariest headline I've ever read.
This cannot be the scariest headline I've ever read.
This has might be the scariest headline I've known ever read.
This might be the scariest headline I've ever had.
Johnson & Johnson gives people cancer... I don’t think I would want them making a vaccine...  
Johnson & Johnson gives people cancer... I don't think I'd want them to make a vaccine...
Johnson & Johnson gives people cancer... I don't think I would want them to get a vaccine...
Johnson & Johnson gives up cancer... I don’t think I should want them making a vaccine...
Johnson & Johnson gives our people cancer...... I don for ’ t think I personally would want them making a vaccine...
Johnson & Johnson gives people shots... So don’t think I would want them making me vaccine...
Create a problem you already have a solution for and with said solution make billions...brutal
Create a problem for which you already have a solution and use it to make billions...
"Create a problem for which you already have a solution
Create a problem you already have a fix for and with said solution make billions...brutal
„ Create a problem you already have created a solution for it and starting with said solution make billions... brutal
Create a problem They already have a solution for and with this solution comes billions...brutal
JOHNSON & JOHNSON ARE INVESTORS IN THE BIO LAB OUTSIDE WUHAN... JUST LIKE SOROS... WAKE UP YOU ARE BEING HERDED LIKE CATTLE INTO VACCINES WE DONT NEED. THEY DO MORE HARM THAN GOOD.
"JOHNSON & JOHNSON ARE INVESTORS IN THE BIO-LAB EXCEPT WANT... JUSTICE POSSIBLE SOROS... WAKE UP
JOHNSON & JOHNSON ARE INVESTORS IN BIO LAB OUTSIDE WUHAN... JUST LIKE SOROS... WAKE UP YOU ARE DED LIKE CATLE INTO VACCINES OUTSIDE WUHAN... DONT NEON THE HARM THAN GOOD.
JOHNSON ME JOHNSON ARE INVESTORS IN THE BIO LAB OUTSIDE WUHAN... JUST LIKE THEY WAKE UP YOU ARE BEING HERDED LIKE CATTLE INTO VACCINES U DONT WANT. THEY CAN MORE HARM THE GOOD.
THE JOHNSON & A JOHNSON ARE IN INVESTORS IN THE AS BIO LAB OUTSIDE WUHAN... JUST LIKE SOROS... WAKE UP if YOU ARE BEING HERDED LIKE CATTLE INTO VACCINES because WE DONT AN NEED. Because THEY IS DO MORE IF HARM THAN GOOD.
JOHNSON & JOHNSON ARE INVESTORS IN NEW BIO LAB OUTSIDE WUHAN... JUST HOW TO... WAKE UP WHO ARE BEING HERDED IN IT FOR YOU WE DONT NEED. They DO MORE HARM THAN YOU.
"Many boys and men who used the medication developed gynecomastia
"Many boys and men who took the drug developed gynecomastia or an abnormal enlargement of the breasts
Thousands of lawsuits have been filed against Django Pharmaceutical and its parent company Johnson & Johnson for this serious side effect.
"Many boys and men who used the medication developed gynecomastia
"Many younger boys in and men who used the medication historically developed gynecomastia
"began nursing and men who used the pill developed gynecomastia
"Might cure Covid
"Could cure Covid
"It is easy to cure Kovid
"Might be Covid
"Might cure this Covid
"Might Say Covid
that’s not going well.
This is not going well.
This is not a good thing.
that’s not ending well.
that ’ s not not going well.
that’s already going well.
Destroying small business has long been the dream of corporate America. Their are 2 AAA rated SOLVENT corps today.. 1. Johnson&Johnson. 2. Microsoft . You and I just bailed out corporations at the cost of small business and We the People!
"Destruction of small business has long been the dream of Corporate America. It now has 2 AAA-rated Solvency Corps... 1. Johnson & Johnson. 2. Microsoft. You and I have just rescued businesses at the expense of small business
Destroying small businesses has long been the dream of corporate America. Their 2 AAA-rated SOLVENT corps today. 1. Johnson & Johnson. 2. Microsoft. You and I have just rescued corporations at the expense of small businesses and We the People!
Destroying the business has long been the dream of corporate America. Their are 2 AAA rated SOLVENT corps today.. 1. Johnson&Johnson. 2. Microsoft<unk> You and I just bailed out corporations at the cost o small firms and We the Better!
Destroying small pop business has long and been beyond the dream of corporate America. Their are 2 years AAA rated SOLVENT sales corps today.. 1. Managing Johnson & Johnson. 2. Microsoft. And You and Josh I just bailed out major corporations at the cost of small business and We Shot the People!
Destroying small business has long been the job of corporate America. There are 2 above rated Congressional corps members.. 1. Johnson&Johnson. 2. Microsoft. You and I just found out both at the cost between small business and We the People!
"We don’t trust Johnson & Johnson tho. They lied about baby powder causing cancer. Nah
We don't trust Johnson & Johnson: They lied that baby powder causes cancer.
We don't trust Johnson & Johnson tho. They lied about baby powder causing cancer.
"We don’t trust Johnson & Johnson tho. They lied about baby powder dependency problems. Nah
"We don t ’ t trust Johnson & Johnson no tho. They lied about what baby powder is causing cancer. No Nah
"We don’t talk Johnson & Johnson tho. Some whisper about baby powder causing cancer. Nah
fuck.
Shit.
fuck.
fuck.
My fuck.
<unk>.
Johnson & Johnson? THEE Johnson & Johnson that knowingly gave women cervical and vagical cancers with their baby powder? No we don’t fucking trust them or YOU  
"Johnson & Johnson? THEE Johnson & Johnson who knowingly gave women cervical and vaginal cancer with their baby powder? No
"Johnson & Johnson? THEE Johnson & Johnson that knowingly gave women cervical and vaginal cancer with their baby powder? No
Johnson & Johnson? THEE Johnson & Johns that knowingly gave women cervical and vagical cancer with tainted baby powder? No we don’t fucking trust them or YOU
Of Johnson & Johnson? THEE Henry Johnson & Co Johnson who that knowingly basically gave women cervical and breast vagical cancers with their baby powder? No we don ’ t really fucking trust them or YOU
Johnson & Johnson? Ted Lilly & Company that knowingly gave women cervical and vagical cancers with fake baby powder? No they don’t fucking trust them or YOU
don’t care i’m not taking no vaccine at the end of the year. ESPECIALLY if it’s from trump & johnson & johnson are you kidding me
"I don't care if I don't get a vaccine at the end of the year. SPECIALLY
"Don't worry
don’t care i’m not taking no vaccine at the time of the year. ESPECIALLY... it’s from trump w johnson & johnson are you kidding<unk>
who don ’ t care i ’ m sure not taking no vaccine at the end of the year. or ESPECIALLY if it can ’ s from a trump & johnson & johnson... are all you kidding yourself me
don’t care i’m not starting no vaccine before the turn of the summer. ESPECIALLY if it’s from trump & johnson but johnson are you kidding me
The company that makes powder FOR BABIES that can give you COOCHIE CANCER?!!?!?! Y’all are really tryna kill us ion like det . 
The company that makes powders for babies that can give you COOCHIE CRECER?!!!?!?! Y'all are really tryna kill us like det.
The company that produces FOR BABLS powder that can give you CANCER CUISINE?!?!?!?!
The company that makes powder snow BABIES that can give you COOCHIE CANCER?!!?!?! Y’all not really tryna kill us ion like that.
S The company that makes you powder FOR THE BABIES that can give ya you no COOCHIE YOU CANCER?!!?!?! Y ’ all are really tryna to kill an us ion like det.
this company that makes powder FOR BABIES that always give you COOCHIE O?!!?!?! Y’all start really putting kill us ion by det.
SMH ABOUT TIME
SMH ABOUT TIME
About how it was.
SMH BY TIME
NO SMH ABOUT TIME
SMH ABOUT TIME
Interesting..... There has been People and Researchers/ Scientists/Doctors warning About this...  But they Get Silenced. .  . Johnson & Johnson pauses COVID-19 vaccine trial over patient exhibiting an 'unexplained illness' twitter.com/i/events/13158…
"Interesting..... People and researchers / scientists / doctors warned about this... But they are silenced... Johnson & Johnson suspends COVID-19 vaccine trial because a patient has an ""unexplained disease"" twitter.com / i / events / 13158..."
Interesting..... There has been People and Researchers / Scientists / Doctors warned about this... but they Get Silver...... Johnson & Johnson pCOVID-19 vaccine problem over patient disappearing a 'unexplained disease'.
Interesting..... There has been People and Researchers/ Scientists/Doctors warning About this...  But they Get Silenced. .  . Johnson & Johnson pauses COVID-19 vaccine trial over patient exhibiting an 'unexplained illness' twitter.com/i/events/13158…
W Interesting..... There has been People and Researchers/ Scientists/Doctors warning About this...  But they Get Silenced. .  . Johnson & Johnson pauses COVID-19 vaccine trial over patient exhibiting an 'unexplained illness' twitter.com/i/events/13158…
on
NOOOOOOOOOO FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK
NOOOOOOOOO FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK
NOOOOOOOO FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK
NOOOOOOOOOO FUCK FUCK<unk> FUCK FUCK
Both NOOOOOOOOOO and FUCK from FUCK alongside FUCK and FUCK FUCK
<unk> IT FUCK NOT FUCK FUCK
MAYBE JOHNSON & JOHNSON SHOULD PUT THEIR MONEY INTO THEIR CANCER CAUSING BABY POWDER!
MAYBE JOHNSON & JOHNSON SHOULD HAVE YOUR MONEY IN YOUR CANCER POWDER!
"""JOHNSON"" and ""JOHNSON"" HAVE RECEIVED THEIR MONY IN THEIR CANCER CALLING FREE ASSISTANCE!"
MAYBE JOHNSON... JOHNSON SHOULD PUT HIS MONEY INTO THEIR CANCER CAUSING THE POWDER!
MAYBE JOHNSON & YOU JOHNSON SHOULD I PUT IT THEIR TO MONEY AND INTO A THEIR CANCER CAUSING AS BABY IN POWDER!
MAYBE JOHNSON & JOHNSON SHOULD PUT MA SH INTO THEIR WEST I BABY<unk>!
WE’RE SUPPOSED TO TRUST JOHNSON&JOHNSON AND PFIZER FOR A VACCINE?!?!?! THE PEOPLE WHO AIDED MAJORLY IN THE OPIOID EPIDEMIC?!?!
WE PROTECT JOHNSON & JOHNSON AND PFIZER FOR A HOLIDAY?!?!?! THE PEOPLE THAT MAINLY HELP IN THE OPIOID EPIDEMIC?!?!
ПОБЕДИТЬ Джонсон и Джонсон и ПФИСЕРА ФОРу ВАКЦИНу?!?!?!
WE’RE LET TO TRUST JOHNSON&JOHNSON AND PFIZER TO A VACCINE?!?!?! THE PEOPLE WHO AIDED OUT IN THIS OPIOID EPIDEMIC?!?!
ET WE ’ RE AN SUPPOSED TO NO TRUST TO JOHNSON & JOHNSON VI AND PFIZER FOR MA A IN VACCINE?!?!?! THE YOU PEOPLE WHO AIDED MAJORLY IN IN THE ME OPIOID EPIDEMIC?!?!
WE’RE SUPPOSED OF TRUST JOHNSON&JOHNSON AND THAT IN YOUR VACCINE?!?!?! FOR PEOPLE WHO AIDED TO NOT YOUR OPIOID LOVE?!?!
OPTIFINE 1.16.1 BEATS CYBERPUNK 2077!
OPTIFINE 1.16.1 beats CYBERPUNK 2077!
OPTIFINE 1.16.1 BEATS CYPUNK 2077!
OPTIFINE 1.16.1 BEATS OFF 2077!
OPTIFINE AND 1. 16. 1 OF BEATS PM CYBERPUNK Day 2077!
OPTIFINE IT.16.1 D CYBERPUNK<unk>!
Oh shit son
Oh shit son
About the Shit Son
Oh my son
Oh yeah shit son
Oh baby son
Honestly? Phew
Honestly? Phew
Honestly?
Honestly? –
... Honestly? Phew
Honestly? Why
I’m really bummed that @CyberpunkGame is only first person. I think 3rd person is always the move for successful story games. The camera angles while playing just seems so awkward and your constantly struggling to enjoy the surrounding details. This is going to hurt their success
"I am truly amazed that @ CyberpunkGame is only the first person. I think that the third person is always the right step for successful story games. Camera angles while playing just seem so clumsy and you constantly struggle to enjoy the surrounding details
"I'm really upset that @ Game is only the first person. I think the 3rd person is always a move for successful story games. The camera just seems so clumsy during the game and you're constantly trying your best to enjoy the details around you
I’m really bummed that @CyberpunkGame it only first novel. I think 3rd person is always the move for successful story games. The camera angles whilst playing just seems so awkward and your constantly struggling to enjoy the fine details. That is going to hurt their success
I ’ m really bummed that @CyberpunkGame is only first person. 5 I think your 3rd person is always leading the move forward for successful side story games. The camera angles while playing just really seems so awkward and leave your game constantly struggling to enjoy the surrounding details. 4 This is going to hurt me their success
really really bummed that 2 is only first person. I think 3rd screen is always the move of successful story player. The camera angles while playing just seems so awkward and they constantly wanted to enjoy the surrounding details. This is enough to hurt their success
This is so upsetting . 
It's so disturbing.
It's so frustrating.
This is so upsetting<unk>
This guy is so upsetting.
This is so boring.
"Well since cyberpunk 2077 November will now either be Valhalla month or the new sims 4 EP
"Now that Cyberpunk 2077 November will now be either Valhalla month or the new Sims 4 EP
"Well since cyberpunk 2077 November will now either be Valhalla month or the new sims 4 EP
"Well since cyberpunk 2077 July will now either be Valhalla month or the new sims 4 July
"Well since cyberpunk 2077 November 7 will now either officially be Valhalla month or for the new computer sims 4 EP
"for the cyberpunk 2077 November will now either be 4 month or the new sims 4 February
"This FUCKING HURT to read
"Reading this FUCKING HURT
"This FUCKING HURT to read
"This FUCKING HURT must read
"This gives FUCKING HURT to read
"is FUCKING HURT to me
@CDPROJEKTRED we don't deserve you
@ CDPROJECTRED we don't deserve you
@ CDPROJEKTRED we don't deserve you
@CDPROJEKTRED we don't deserve respect
I @CDPROJEKTRED if we don't deserve you
@CDPROJEKTRED we don't let you
"i can't see my own tweet cause i muted all variations of cyberpunk 2077. . if you're talking about it
"I can't see my own tweet because I muffled all the variations of Cyberpunk 2077.. if you're talking about it
"i can't see my own tweet cause i muted all variations of cyberpunk 2077... if you're talking about it
"i can't see my own tweet cause i<unk> all variations of cyberpunk 2077.. if you're talking about it
"that i can't see my own personal tweet cause only i muted all variations regardless of old cyberpunk 2077.. if you're talking about it
"i wouldn't see my blog tweet cause i muted all variations the cyberpunk 2077.. until you're passionate about it
People are upset over the @CyberpunkGame delay due to a lot of them already having those days off from work. Now they either have to go to work or try to change them to the new date which is hard to do. They have a right to be upset over this.
"People are angry about the delay of @ CyberpunkGame because many of them already have days off now. Now
"People are upset about the delay because many of them already have this weekend off. Now they either have to go to work or try to reschedule it
People are upset over the @CyberpunkGame delay due to a lot of them having having extra days off from this. Now they either have to go to work or try to change them to some new date which is hard to do. They have a right to be upset over it.
People are upset over the @CyberpunkGame delay due to a fat lot fewer of them already having those days off from our work. Now they either have to fully go to their work or may try to change them to the correct new date day which is hard to do. They have a right to always be upset over considering this.
People are upset over the @CyberpunkGame delay due to a lot of them already having those days off from work. Now they already have to go to holiday or need to change them to one new date which is tough to do. They have a right to to disturbed over the.
"The world: ""people are still dying from COVID19"". . you:  ""yeah but i scheduled time off work to play  "
"Die Welt: ""People are still dying of COVID19."" She: ""Yes
"World: ""People are still dying from COVID19""..........................................................................................................................................................."
"The moderator: ""people are still dying from AIDS. you:  ""yeah but i scheduled time off work to play"
"across The world : "" people are still dying from COVID19 "".. you : "" yeah you but i never scheduled time off work work to practice play"
"you world: ""people are still dying about starvation"".. you: ""yeah but i scheduled time off work to get"
"cyberpunk 2077 is begging
"Cyberpunk 2077 begs and begs me to enjoy the game
"Cyberpunk 2077 pleads with me to enjoy the game
"cyberpunk 2077 is begging
"Now cyberpunk 2077 is begging
"cyberpunk website is released
Cyberpunk 2077 delayed till September. . . Just make it a 2020 console launch title and get the shit done right. I’ll appreciate you . 
Cyberpunk 2077 delayed to September... Just make it a console launch title for 2020 and get the shit right. I appreciate you.
"""Punk 2077"" is postponed until September... Just make it the title for the 2020 console and do the shit right. I'll rate you."
Cyberpunk 2077 off till September... Just make it a 2020 console launch title and get my reviews done right. I’ll appreciate you.
and Cyberpunk Wars 2077 delayed till September... Just make it in a 2020 home console launch title and get the shit done right. I and ’ ll totally appreciate you.
Cyberpunk 2077 ready by September... Just make it their 2020 console launch anyway and get the shit done right. I’ll appreciate if.
"@CyberpunkGame Maybe you announce release dates when they 100% and stop overhyping people. Why you set the release date to december 10 when it isn't safe? Why not ""its done when its done"" and a release date after the game is (really) gold and day 0 patch is done too?"
"@ CyberpunkGame Maybe you announce release dates when they are 100% and stop inflating people. Why do you set the release date to December 10th if it's not safe? Why not ""finish when it's ready"" and a release date after the game is (really) gold and Day 0 patch is done too?"
"@ Game Maybe you announce release dates when they're 100% and stop hypnotizing people. Why do you set the release date to December 10 when it's not safe? Why not ""it's done when it's done"" and the release date after the game is (really) gold and the 0 patch day is done too?"
"@CyberpunkGame Maybe you announce full dates when they 100% and stop arresting people. Then you set the next date to december 10 when it isn't safe? Why not ""its done when its done"" and a release date after the gold is (really) gold and day 0 500 is done too?"
"@CyberpunkGame Maybe you announce release dates when they 100 % and stop easily overhyping people. Why have you set the release release date to december 10 when also it probably isn't safe? Why not "" its done when everything its done "" and a release start date after the original game is ( really ) gold there and day 0 patch is done later too?"
"@CyberpunkGame Maybe you announce release 12 when your 100% and your overhyping people. Why you set the release date to december 10 because this isn't safe? Why not ""its done when its done"" and let release that after the end is (really) gold and a 0 patch when done too?"
"After much thought
"After careful consideration
"After much thought
"After much thought
"After much further thought
"After much debating
Surely I’m not the only person that thinks Cyberpunk 2077 looks like absolute shit? pic.twitter.com/jNi487jVGn
Surely I'm not the only person who thinks Cyberpunk 2077 is absolute shit? pic.twitter.com / jNi487jVGn
Surely I'm not the only person who thinks Punk 2077 looks like absolute crap? pic.wikipedia.org / jNi487jVGn
Surely I’m not the only person that thinks Cyberpunk 2077 looks like absolute shit? pic.twitter.com/jNi487jVGn
from Surely I’m not the only person that thinks Cyberpunk 2077 looks like absolute shit? pic.twitter.com/jNi487jVGn
to
"Can I please have sex with Johnny in this game?! If not
"Can I please have sex with Johnny in this game?! If not
"Can I please have sex with Johnny in this game?! If not
"Can I really experience sex with Johnny in this game?! If not
"... Can I please not have sex with Young Johnny in this game?! If not
"Can I please have sex with you in this game?! Can not
Sucks we dont truly have a date for cyberpunk 2077 on console. Playing it on current gen seems like its not even an option.
Sucks we dont really have a date for cyberpunk 2077 on console. Playing it on the current generation doesn't even seem to be an option.
Sucks we really don't have a date for cyberpunk 2077 on the console. Playing it on the current gen seems like it's not even an option.
Sucks we NEVER truly have a date for cyberpunk 2077 on console. Playing it on current gen sounds like its not even an option.
Sucks we simply dont truly have a date scheduled for cyberpunk by 2077 time on console. Playing with it on our current gen seems like its not even an option.
Sucks Sony dont actually have a date for cyberpunk 2077 on console. Playing it on current gen seems crazy its ill even an option.
With  . HP Lovecraft + Cyberpunk = Scary. caf.tv/divideaconquer
With. HP Lovecraft + Cyberpunk = Scary. caf.tv / divideaconquer
C. HP Lovecraft + Punk = Scary. caf.tv / divideacon
With <unk> HP Lovecraft + Cyberpunk -> Scary. caf.tv/divideaconquer
With. HP A Lovecraft + G Cyberpunk = Scary. caf. 11 tv / 0 divideaconquer
With. 0 + + Cyberpunk = Scary. To.tv/divideaconquer
Fuck u

Fuck u
Fuck this
I Fuck u
Fuck u
My disappointment is immeasurable and my day is ruined
My disappointment is immeasurable and my day is ruined
My frustration is insurmountable and my day is ruined
My disappointment is immeasurable … my day is ruined
My disappointment is immeasurable suffering and my perfect day is ruined
My disappointment is immeasurable and first day is ruined
Well that's disappointing. .  Won't be playing then.
"Well
"Well
Well that's disappointing..  Won't be next then.
Well then that's disappointing.. Won't he be playing then.
Well that's disappointing.. Won't go playing then.
Again with this shit?!
Again with that shit?!
Again with this crap?!
Again … this shit?!
Again with just this shit?!
hell with this shit?!
WTF!!!!
WTF!!!!
WTF!!!!
WTF!!!!
Like WTF!!!!
of
we can’t wait til 2022 this is ridiculous
"We can't wait until 2022
we can't wait until 2022 it's ridiculous
we can’t wait til 2022 thats is ridiculous
we can possibly ’ t wait so til 2022 this is ridiculous
kids can’t wait til 2022 this is ridiculous
"When the fear sets in that Cyberpunk 2077 could be delayed out of this bullshit of a years
"If the fear sets in that cyberpunk 2077 could be delayed out of this shit of a year
"When fear is raised that ""punk-2077"" may be postponed for several years
"When the fear increases … that Cyberpunk 2077 could be delayed out of too many of a years
"When the fear sets out in that Cyberpunk 2077 could t be not delayed out it of how this bullshit of a years
"When the fear sets in that Cyberpunk 2077 could be delayed out by this bullshit of a years
Fuckin noice
Damned noises
Fuckin noice
Fuckin '
Fuckin fine noice
Fuckin Know
"Not sure if its an unpopular opinion
"I'm not sure it's an unpopular opinion
"I'm not sure this is an unpopular view
"Not sure if its an unpopular opinion
"Not actually sure if its an unpopular opinion
"Not sure if its an intentional post
CyberPunk 2077 won’t beat The Last Of Us 2 For Game Of The Year.. 
CyberPunk 2077 will not beat The Last Of Us 2 in Game of the Year.
Punk 2077 won't beat The Last Of Us 2 for Game Of The Year.
CyberPunk 2077 won’t beat The Last Of Us 2 For Game Of The Week
but CyberPunk Academy 2077 won ’ t beat The Last One Of Us Factor 2 For Game Of The Year..
CyberPunk 2077 won’t beat The Last Of July 2 For Game Play Mid Year..
"Damn bro
"Damn.. First FF7 gets a month delay
"Damn bro
"Damn bro
"Damn bro
"Damn bro
Cyberpunk 2077 being in first person with crazy customization still makes no sense to me Lmao but whatever I’m not a dev
"Cyberpunk 2077 in the first person with crazy customizations still makes no sense to me Lmao
"""Punk 2077
Cyberpunk 2077 being in first person with player customization still making no sense to me Lmao but whatever I’m now a dev
Cyberpunk 2077 being in first person and with new crazy customization still makes it no damn sense to me Lmao but... whatever I ’ m my not a dev
Cyberpunk 2077 being in first person with crazy customization still makes basic sense ask me Lmao but whatever its missing a dev
"BAIT
"BAIT
I was about to say I was spinning this game for a minute.
"BAIT
"BAIT
"God
Absolutely gourmet shit
Absolute gourmet shit
Absolutely Gourmet Shit
Absolutely gourmet<unk>
10 Absolutely gourmet shit
Absolutely horrible shit
NOOOOOO!!!! pic.twitter.com/jEtvnkc7OC
NOOOOOO!!!! pic.twitter.com / jEtvnkc7OC
NOOOOOO!!! pic.wikipedia.org / jEtvnkc7OC
NOOOOOO!!!! pic.twitter.com/jEtvnkc7OC
UK NOOOOOO!!!! pic.twitter.com/jEtvnkc7OC
a
 
It is not the first time that the EU Commission has taken such a step.
"At the same time



I can’t take it anymore!.  
I can't take it anymore!.
I can't take it anymore!.
I can’t take humiliation anymore!.
I really can ’ t take it anymore!.
I can’t take this anymore!.
i’d be pissed
I'd be mad
i'd be pissed
i’d be famous
i ou ’ d be pissed
i’d be able
OMGGGGG GUYS VERY BAD NEW!!S!!!!!!
OMGGGG GUYS VERY BATHROOM NEW!! S!!!!!!
OMGGGG GUYS VERY BAD NEW!!! S!!!!!
OMGGGGG GUYS VERY BAD<unk>
OF OMGGGGG IN GUYS WHO VERY YOU BAD TO NEW!! S!!!!!!
THE GUYS VERY NEW NEW!!S!!!!!!
Booo 🤮🤮
Booo
Booo
Booo..
Booo Ho [UNK]
11 <unk>
@CyberpunkGame I'll just get a refund and wait until release to purchase since y'all have lost your minds.
@ CyberpunkGame I'll just get a refund and wait until the release to buy because y'all lost your mind.
@ Game I'll just get a refund and wait to release for purchase since y'all have lost of your mind.
@CyberpunkGame I'll just get a refund and wait the release to purchase before y'all have lost your minds.
@CyberpunkGame and I'a ll just get a refund going and wait until release to purchase since if y'least all have lost your minds.
@CyberpunkGame I'll just get free copy and wait for release to purchase until y'all have lost your minds.
Lemme make it clear.. lts not the wait that is annoying for  . They are:. . 1). CDPR saying everything is going great and not reallybeing entirely honest with the current state of the game. This is very unprofessional and annoying.
Lemme clarifies.. lts not the waiting time that is annoying for. They are:.. 1). CDPR say that everything is going well and not really honest with the current state of the game. This is very unprofessional and annoying.
Lemme please it clear.. lts not the wait that is annoying for. They are:.. 1). CDPR saying everything is going great and not realistically honest with the current state of the game. This is very unprofessional and annoying.
Lemme make it clear.. lts not... wait that is annoying for . They re:.. 1). CDPR saying everything is going great or just reallybeing entirely honest with the current state of the game. This is quite unprofessional and annoying.
Lemme make getting it clear.. lts not the wait that silence is annoying for. They are :.. 1 ). CDPR saying how everything is going great today and but not reallybeing entirely honest with for the current average state of broadcasting the baseball game. This line is very unprofessional and annoying.
Lemme make it clear.. lts are the wait that were waiting for. They are:.. 1). just stating everything is going great and not reallybeing openly honest with the current state of a game. This is very unprofessional<unk> annoying.
Holy fucking shit.
Holy shit.
Holy fucking shit.
Holy bloody shit.
Holy bloody fucking shit.
Holy oh shit.
i'm calling it now cyberpunk 2077 is gonna be an absolute piece of shit garbage trash videogame
I now call it Cyberpunk 2077 will be an absolute piece of shit-garbage video game
i'm calling it now cyberpunk 2077 is gonna be an absolute piece of shit garage trash videogame
i'm calling it now cyberpunk 2077 is lets have an absolute piece of shit garbage trash videogame
i'm calling this it now cyberpunk 2077 is gonna just be an absolute live piece of hot shit garbage science trash videogame
i'm calling it right then 2077 is gonna be total absolute piece of shit garbage trash videogame
"Man
"Man
"Man
"Man
"S Man
The
"oh good
"Oh well
"Oh well
"oh good
"oh good
"oh good
"Much to my disappointment
"Much to my disappointment
"Much to my disappointment
"Much to your disappointment
"Much to my disappointment
"Much to my disappointment
Cyberpunk getting delayed until 2077 just to fit the name is kinda extra ngl  
Cyberpunk delayed until 2077 just to live up to its name
"""Punk"" is postponed until 2077 just to fit the name."
Cyberpunk getting delayed until 2077 just might fit the name is kinda extra ngl
However Cyberpunk getting delayed until 2077 just to fit the name is kinda that extra of ngl
Cyberpunk getting edited until 2018 just to fit the name is kinda extra ngl
@CDPROJEKTRED @CyberpunkGame @Xbox why is my preorder getting cancelled every time that I preorder  
@ CDPROJECTRED @ CyberpunkGame @ Xbox Why is my pre-order cancelled every time I order?
@ CDPROJEKTRED @ Game @ Xbox Why my pre-order is cancelled every time I pre-order
@CDPROJEKTRED @CyberpunkGame @Xbox why is my preorder email cancelled every time then I preorder
@CDPROJEKTRED @CyberpunkGame @Xbox why is not my preorder getting already cancelled for every time... that else I preorder
A @CDPROJEKTRED @CyberpunkGame why is random preorder getting cancelled every time that I get
This sucks .  in saying that CD Projekt Red can take as long as they want...
That sucks. If you say that CD Project Red can last as long as they want...
It sucks... saying that CD-Red can take as long as they want...
This sucks.  in saying that CD Projekt Red can take as long anymore they wish
This boy sucks. All in saying that his CD Projekt Red can take you as long as they want...
really sucks. in saying that The Projekt Red can take as longer as they want...
Fuck

Fuck
Fuck
God Fuck
Fuck
" . F to your wasted vacation days if you’re unable to change them
"F or your wasted holidays
"F is for your expected vacation
" . F to your wasted vacation days if you’re unable to change them
"Digital  . F to your wasted vacation days if you’re unable to change them
or
"God damn it
"Damn
Literally 3 hours after I posted my game preview for the year.
"God damn it
"Well God damn it
"well damn it
Fucking September!? Might as well be released in 2077!
Fuck September!? Could just as well be released in 2077!
Fucking September!? Might as well be released in 2077!
Fucking Love Might as well be released in 2077!
Fucking hot September!? Might not as well be released in 2077!
Fucking September!? Might as well be released starting March!
Tf r u saying they moved  
Tf r u say they have moved
Tf r u saying they moved
Tf r u saying or moved
Tf let r u saying they moved
Tf r u say they moved
"Every game is getting delayed
"Every game is delayed
"Every game is postponed
"Every game is getting delayed
"Every game is really getting delayed
"Every game is severely delayed
"There's only two outcomes for Cyberpunk 2077.. . Either it gets delayed past 2020
"There are only two outcomes for Cyberpunk 2077... Either it is delayed beyond 2020
"There are only two outcomes for ""Punk 2077."" Or it is released
"There's only two outcomes for Cyberpunk 2077... Unless it gets delayed past 2020
"2 There'C s only two final outcomes for Miss Cyberpunk 2077... Either it inevitably gets delayed past 2020
"There's only two outcomes for Cyberpunk 2077... Should it gets pushed past 2020
Yes 0 retard
Yes 0 Delay
Yes 0 slow down
Yes 0 4
Yes... 0 retard
Yes but retard
Ha this makes me feel bad I’ll be running it on my 1080ti
"Ha
Ha this makes me feel bad I'll be running it on my 1080ti
Ha<unk> makes me feel bad I’ll be running it on my 1080ti
Right Ha this makes me feel bad because I alone ’ ll be running it on my 1080ti
if this makes me feel bad I’ll be shooting it on my 1080ti
the year is 2077 now and we still not getting cyberpunk 2077
It's the year 2077 and we still can't get cyberpunk 2077
the year is 2077 now and we still not getting cyberpunk 2077
the world is 2077 now and we still not getting cyberpunk 2077
Because the year is 2077 down now and we are still not getting cyberpunk 2077
the year is 2077 2011 and we still not need cyberpunk 2077
"Yeaaah
"Yeaaah
"Yeah
"Yeaaah
"Dear Yeaaah
"Yeaaah
Cyberpunk 2077 delayed again. This truly is the worst timeline
"Cyberpunk 2077 delayed again
"""Punk 2077"" is postponed again."
Cyberpunk 2077 delayed again. This truly is the new timeline
Cyberpunk 2077 delayed one again. 11 This truly shit is the worst timeline
Cyberpunk series delayed again. This truly is the worst timeline
So cyberpunk 2077 has yet been delayed again to November am really not happy about this  
"So Cyberpunk 2077 has been postponed again until November
"So Cyberpunk 2077 has been postponed again to November
So cyberpunk 2077 has yet been delayed again to i am really not happy about this
So this cyberpunk 2077 film has yet been considerably delayed again to November am really not very happy about this
So now 2077 has yet been delayed again to November am really not ecstatic about this
I'm exhausted by Cyberpunk 2077 and it's not even here
I'm exhausted by Cyberpunk 2077 and it's not even here
"I'm tired of ""Punk 2077
I'm exhausted by Cyberpunk 2077 and it's never even here
I'd m exhausted by Cyberpunk 2077 and it't s just not even here
me'm exhausted by Cyberpunk 2077 and everyone's not even here
I nearly felt my soul leave my body.
I almost felt my soul leave my body.
I almost felt my soul leave my body.
I nearly felt my soul within my body.
I nearly simultaneously felt my soul leave my body.
I nearly felt that soul leave my body.
This is a bad news
This is bad news
This is bad news
This was a bad news
This is a bad bad news
This is a bad commercial
All information is not fully on screen @GhostRecon @UbisoftSupport @ghostrecon_uk  
All information is not complete on screen @ GhostRecon @ UbisoftSupport @ ghostrecon _ uk
All information not fully on screen @ GhostRecon @ UbisSupport @ ghostRecon _ uk
All information is not fully on screen @GhostRecon Code @UbisoftSupport
All information is not used fully on screen like @GhostRecon and @UbisoftSupport @ghostrecon_uk
All information is not fully on which @GhostRecon @UbisoftSupport you
@GhostRecon_UK fix your game. The Behemoth is way to overpowered and hard to kill and the lens glare on your scope and drone is way over done along with how stupid difficult it is to see when it’s dark and going in and out of buildings not being able to see shit.
"@ GhostRecon _ UK Fix your game. Behemoth is far too overwhelming and hard to kill
@ GhostRecon _ UK will fix your game. The GhostRecon is a way to suppress and kill both lens flares on your sights and the drone - it's a fait accompli how stupid it is to see when it's dark and go in and out of buildings without seeing the shit.
@GhostRecon_UK fix your game. The Behemoth is all to tough and expensive to kill plus the lens glare on your helicopter and drone is way over done along with how damn difficult it is to see when it’s dark and going in and out of buildings not being able to see shit.
@GhostRecon_UK fix your game. 4 The Behemoth is not way to overpowered and way hard to kill and behind the lens is glare on your scope and the drone is way over done along with how stupid difficult it is to see when it ’ s dark over and going in and out through of buildings but not being able often to see shit.
@GhostRecon_UK fix your game. The Behemoth is way fucking overpowered and easy to kill and the lens glare on your insane test engine is way over done along with how stupid difficult it is to run when it’s dead and going in and out on buildings not being able of see shit.
The Ghost wades through a sea of bad mistakes and ultimate regrets. The rain drops fall upon her face as if tears of the forgotten soldiers. . @ubisoft . .  
The spirit wades through a sea of evil mistakes and ultimate remorse. The raindrops fall on her face like tears of forgotten soldiers... @ ubisoft.
The ghost wanders through a sea of bad mistakes and extreme regret. Drops of rain fall on her face like the tears of forgotten soldiers... @ ubisoft.
The Ghost wades through black sea of bad mistakes and ultimate regrets. The rain drops fall across her face as if tears to the forgotten soldiers.. @ubisoft..
The Ghost Ship wades from through a sea of simple bad right mistakes and ultimate worst regrets. The rain drops fall upon her innocent face as if fresh tears of the forgotten soldiers.. @ubisoft..
old Ghost wades through a sea of bad mistakes and ultimate happiness. The rain drops fall down your face as do tears of the fellow soldiers.. @ubisoft..
@UbisoftUplay is something wrong with @GhostRecon PC? I click play and it won't start.
@ UbisoftUplay Something wrong with @ GhostRecon PC? I click Play and it doesn't start.
@ UbisUplay is something wrong with @ GhostRecon PC? I click on the game and it doesn't start.
@UbisoftUplay — something wrong in @GhostRecon PC? I click play and it won't start.
@UbisoftUplay is something wrong with an @GhostRecon PC? I so click play it and imagine it won't start.
What is something wrong with @UbisoftUplay PC? I try on and it won't start.
@GhostRecon my game is not launching at all itll out the screen up than close itself im on pc
@ GhostRecon my game does not start at all itll close from the screen than on PC
@ GhostRecon my game doesn't start at all itll off screen up than close myself im on PC
@GhostRecon my game is not launching at all black out the screen up than close itself all on pc
@GhostRecon my game is not launching at it all as itll out the screen up than close itself im again on me pc
out my game is not launching at all itll out the game up than close itself again on pc
"@GhostRecon keep getting booted with mountain error on breakpoint sigh
"@ GhostRecon keeps booting with mountain errors at breakpoint sighs
"@ GhostRecon keep booting with a mountain bug
"@GhostRecon keep getting booted with mountain error on breakpoint sigh
"@GhostRecon we keep getting booted around with mountain climbing error on breakpoint sigh
"@GhostRecon up after booted with mountain error on every sigh
"Hi @GoogleStadia @Ubisoft and @GhostRecon. My Ghost Recon Breakpoint is very laggy on Stadia
"Hello @ GoogleStadia @ Ubisoft and @ GhostRecon. My Ghost Recon breakpoint is very sloppy on Stadia
"Hi @ GoogleStadia @ Ubisoft and @ GhostRecon. My Ghost Recon Breakpoint is very popular at Stadia
"Hi from<unk> and @GoogleStadia. My Mobile Recon Breakpoint is very laggy on Stadia
"1 Hi @GoogleStadia @Ubisoft and @GhostRecon. My Ghost Recon or Breakpoint hardware is very technically laggy on Stadia
"Hi at @GoogleStadia O L. My DVD Recon Breakpoint is very laggy on Stadia
@GhostRecon  @UbisoftSupport Your game is still broke.  This is so frustrating that you continue to launch updates with this many problems... Sort it out already.
@ GhostRecon @ UbisoftSupport Your game is still broke. It's so frustrating that you keep running updates with so many problems... Sort it out.
@ GhostRecon @ Ubisad.Support Your game is still broken. It's so frustrating that you keep running updates with this lot of problems... sort it out already.
@GhostRecon  @UbisoftSupport Your console is still broke.  This gets so insane that you continue to launch updates with this many problems... Sort it out already.
@GhostRecon @UbisoftSupport Your latest game is clearly still broke.... This magazine is much so frustrating news that now you continue to launch updates with this many problems... Sort it out already.
Live @GhostRecon Your game is still running. This fact so frustrating that they continue to launch updates with this software problems... Sort it out already.
Something went wrong.  
Something went wrong.
Something went wrong.
Something looks wrong.
Something went terribly wrong.
they went wrong.
@GhostRecon there's unbearable lag on menus and NPC cutscenes on @GoogleStadia yikes
@ GhostRecon there's unbearable backlog on menus and NPC clips on @ GoogleStadia
@ GhostRecon is on NPC menus and clippings at @ GoogleStadia yes
@GhostRecon there's unbearable lag on UI and NPC cutscenes on @GoogleStadia yikes
on @GhostRecon where there's unbearable lag marked on menus and NPC cutscenes done on @GoogleStadia get yikes
@GhostRecon there's unbearable lag between movies and NPC faces on HD yikes
@GhostRecon @Ubisoft Any reason the service is crashing and screen freezing.
@ GhostRecon @ Ubisoft Any reason why the service crashes and freezes the screen.
@ GhostRecon @ Ubisoft Any reason why the service fails and the screen hangs.
@GhostRecon @Ubisoft Any reason application service is crashing and screen freezing.
Section @GhostRecon @Ubisoft § Any reason the postal service is crashing and screen freezing.
@GhostRecon @Ubisoft Any reason the service is crashing and an appears.
@GhostRecon WHO THE FUCKING FUCK ARE HAWKINS AND GRANT?!! pic.twitter.com/cCGf9fnw7k
@ GhostRecon WHO ARE THE FUCKING FUCK HAWKINS AND GRANT?!! pic.twitter.com / cCGf9fnw7k
@ GhostRecon WHO THE FUCKING FUCK ARE HAWKINS AND GRANT?!! pic.wikipedia.org / cCGf9w7k
RhandlerR WHO THE FUCKING FUCK ARE HAWKINS AND GRANT?!! pic.twitter.com/cCGf9fnw7k
Radio RhandlerR WHO THE FUCKING FUCK ARE HAWKINS AND GRANT?!! pic.twitter.com/cCGf9fnw7k
is
@GhostRecon 5 times trying to access the store Erewhon the game crashed on Xbox One.
@ GhostRecon 5 times tried to access the store Erewhon crashed the game on Xbox One.
"@ GhostRecon tried to enter the Erewhon store 5 times
@GhostRecon 5 times trying to access the store Erewhon the site crashed on Windows One.
@GhostRecon 5 times trying to gain access into the store where Erewhon the game console crashed on Xbox One.
@GhostRecon 5 times trying randomly access unlock store Erewhon 3 game crashed on Xbox One.
@Ubisoft @GhostRecon fix your fucking game
@ Ubisoft @ GhostRecon Fix Your Damn Game
@ Ubisoft @ GhostRecon fix your fucking game
@Ubisoft @GhostRecon fix your bad game
@Ubisoft 1 @GhostRecon fix your fucking stupid game
<unk> @Ubisoft fix your fucking game
"@GhostRecon struggling to find someone to help me do my first raid
@ GhostRecon is struggling to find someone to help me with my first raid. Please help me and retweet this message to find some people.
"@ GhostRecon is struggling to find someone to help me make my first raid
"@GhostRecon struggling to find someone to help me do my first raid
"The @GhostRecon After struggling searching to find someone to help me do my first raid
"@GhostRecon struggling to find artists to help me do that first painting
Sometimes the loot isn’t worth it... @GhostRecon  
Sometimes it's not worth the booty... @ GhostRecon
Sometimes the loot is not worth it... @ GhostRecon
Sometimes the loot isn’t in it... @GhostRecon
Sometimes the loot gained isn won ’ t always worth it... @GhostRecon
Sometimes the loot look worth it... But
"that is sooo true
"this is sooo true
"that is sooo true
"that is sooo true
"that is sooo true
"that is sooo true
@GhostRecon @UbisoftSupport please fix ghost recon breakpoint. It keeps kicking my team out the game and comes up with an error. Been happening over the last 24hrs
@ GhostRecon @ UbisoftSupport please fix ghost Recon Breakpoint. It keeps my team out of the game and comes with a bug. Done over the last 24 hours
@ GhostRecon @ Ubiscon Please support fixing the breakpoint of ghostRecon.
@GhostRecon @UbisoftSupport please fix ghost recon breakpoint. This keeps kicking my team out the game and comes up with one error. Been happening over now last 24hrs
@GhostRecon @UbisoftSupport it please fix ghost at recon breakpoint. It usually keeps busy kicking my team on out the game and then comes up with an error. Been been happening over the last 24hrs
@GhostRecon @UbisoftSupport please fix ghost recon breakpoint. It goes in my team out a building and comes up with an error. Been happening continuously the last 24hrs
Literally no  
Literally no.
Literally not.
Literally Dictionary
Literally... no
think no
"@GhostRecon There has been a sound issue since the latest update
"@ GhostRecon Since the last update
"@ GhostRecon There has been a sound issue since the last update
"@GhostRecon There has been a sound issue since the latest update
"@GhostRecon There has been increasingly a sound issue since the latest update
"@GhostRecon There has been a sound loss since the latest update
"@XboxSupport Hey guys. I had Tom Clancy’s Ghost recon wild lands on disc. It was recently lost and I’m quite disappointed. I’m not sure if it’s possible if I could get it back digitally? Likely not
"@ XboxSupport Hey folks. I had Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon Wild Lands on record. It was lost recently and I'm pretty disappointed. I'm not sure if it's possible to get it back digitally? Probably not
@ XboxSupport Hey guys. I had Tom Clancy's Ghost on my disc. Recently it was lost and I'm very disappointed.
"@XboxSupport Hey guys. I had Tom Clancy’s Ghost in wild lands on disc. Everything got recently lost and I’m quite disappointed. I’m not sure if it’s possible if they could get info back digitally? Likely not
"@XboxSupport Hey guys. I had Tom Clancy ’ s Ghost recon wild lands on my disc. It actually was recently lost and I don ’ m quite disappointed. I ’ m currently not sure if it ’ s possible if that I actually could get it back digitally? Likely not
"@XboxSupport Hey people. I had Tom Clancy’s Ghost recon the lands on disc. It was recently lost and look quite sorry. Also really sure if it’s possible if I could get it back digitally? Likely not
@GhostRecon_UK since the new update today keep getting mountain errors every couple of minutes please help
@ GhostRecon _ EN Since today's update you get mountain errors every few minutes. Please help us!
@ GhostRecon _ UK since the new update today continue to get mountains of errors every couple of minutes please help
@GhostRecon_UK since getting new update today keep getting mountain errors every couple of minutes please help
@GhostRecon_UK since the latest new update today you keep getting zero mountain errors every couple of minutes please help
@GhostRecon_UK update the new update today keep getting mountain errors every couple to minutes please help
We’ve got a new Nomad and he looks mean & badass .  .  .  .  
We have a new nomad and he looks mean and vicious....
We've got a new advert and it looks mean-spirited and mean-spirited...
We’ve got a Black Nomad<unk> he looks mean & badass. . . .
We think ’ would ve got a new Nomad and he looks mean & even badass....
get got This new Nomad and just looks mean & badass....
This could be dodgy..  .  .  
This could be dodgy.....
It can be boring...
This could be dodgy..  ===== .
Then This could just be dodgy....
This to be dodgy....
@Ubisoft what the hell were u thinking when u finished @GhostRecon_UK breakpoint u all need a SLAP for realising this game.
@ Ubisoft what the hell did u think when u finished @ GhostRecon _ UK Breakpoint u all need a SLAP for the realization of this game.
@ Ubisoft what the hell was I thinking when u finished @ GhostRecon _ UK breakpoint u all need a SLAP for realizing this game.
@Ubisoft what the hell were u thinking when u finished @GhostRecon_UK breakpoint u probably need a SLAP for winning this game.
@Ubisoft or what the terrible hell IT were many u thinking when u finished With @GhostRecon_UK breakpoint u all need a SLAP for realising to this game.
@Ubisoft what the hell were u doing when u experienced @GhostRecon_UK breakpoint u all need a SLAP for understanding that<unk>.
When I saw this for the first time I was so confused. Actually a sick transition
"When I first saw it
"When I first saw it
When I typed this for the first time I was so confused. Actually a sick transition
When I saw this for the first time maybe I was suddenly so confused. Actually a sick man transition
When I started this for the first place I was so confused. Actually a sick transition
3080 cant run  
3080 Inclined Run
3080 cant run
3080 cant on
3080 cant engine run
3080 yards run
@GhostRecon @ITK5 @PumaStealthy remind me why we play this game again im havin a hard time with this. pic.twitter.com/CDDl46p12e
@ GhostRecon @ ITK5 @ PumaStealthy remind me why we're playing this game again in havin a hard time. pic.twitter.com / CDDl46p12e
@ GhostRecon @ ITK5 @ PumaStealthy remind me why we're playing this game again.
RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR remind me why we play this game again im havin a hard time with this. pic.twitter.com/CDDl46p12e
org RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR remind me why we play this game again im havin a hard time with this. pic.twitter.com/CDDl46p12e
a
I can't drive   
I can't drive
I can't drive a car
I now drive
I can't freaking drive
I won't drive
Crashed again....is there a patch incoming???   
Crashed again.... now comes a patch???
Again patch.... is there a patch???
Crashed again....is there a patch??
Crashed again.... How is there a green patch to incoming???
Crashed PC....is there an patch incoming???
"@GhostRecon I can no longer see team mates in the TacMap. I have the setting on
"@ GhostRecon I can no longer see teammates in the TacMap. I have activated the setting
"@ GhostRecon I can no longer see team mates in the TacMap. I have the setting on
"@GhostRecon I can no longer see team mates without a TacMap. I have the setting on
"@GhostRecon I can no that longer again see team road mates in the TacMap. I have the setting on
"@GhostRecon I can no longer see team mates in for TacMap. I have it setting on
So mad I can’t play breakpoint right now  
So crazy I can't play a break point at the moment
It's so crazy I can't play break point right now
So mad they can’t play breakpoint right now
So mad I can ’ u t dare play breakpoint right now
So mad I can’t play hockey right now
@GhostRecon you need to either ban players that leave as matchis starting for 2 hours once log back on game or fix your servers you just had maint and wilands losing player or two every start of match on ps4
"@ GhostRecon you will either have to ban players who leave the game for 2 hours as soon as you log back into the game
"@ GhostRecon you need to either ban players who leave as matches starting 2 hours after returning to play
@GhostRecon you need to either ban players that leave as matchis starting for 2 hours once log back on game will update your servers you already had maint and wilands losing player or two every start of match on ps4
@GhostRecon but you need have to either ban players that cannot leave as matchis starting and for 2 complete hours once log back to on game or fix your servers you just never had 1 maint and wilands losing player or two every start of those match on ps4
@GhostRecon you need to either add players you leave as matchis starting at 2 or once log back through game or fix your servers you just are maint forum wilands losing player or two every start of match on ps4
@GhostRecon @Ubisoft do me a favor please and fix the helicopter spawns. Thank you for an otherwise bad ass game! pic.twitter.com/Lr4hezZ0nc
@ GhostRecon @ Ubisoft please do me a favour and fix the helicopter spawning spots. Thanks for an otherwise bad ass game! pic.twitter.com / Lr4hezZ0nc
"@ GhostRecon @ Ubisoft do me a favor
RhandlerR RhandlerR do me a favor please and fix the helicopter spawns. Thank you for an otherwise bad ass game! pic.twitter.com/Lr4hezZ0nc
R RhandlerR RhandlerR do me a favor please and fix the helicopter spawns. Thank you for an otherwise bad ass game! pic.twitter.com/Lr4hezZ0nc
he
"@GhostRecon_UK I'm having an issue when I open breakpoint
"@ GhostRecon _ UK I have a problem when I open Breakpoint
"@ GhostRecon _ UK I'm having an issue when I open breakpoint
"@GhostRecon_UK I'm having some issue when I open breakpoint
"@GhostRecon_UK I'm having that an issue when I open breakpoint
"@GhostRecon_UK I'm having an issue when with open breakpoint
@GhostRecon trying to play and it keeps saying connecting to Ubisoft server please wait and it keeps kicking me out to main page on Xbox one pic.twitter.com/LDmcYMqntg
@ GhostRecon tries to play and it keeps saying that the connection to the Ubisoft server should please wait and it keeps throwing me to the Xbox One pic.twitter.com / LDmcYMqntg
@ GhostRecon is trying to play and he keeps saying connect to Ubisoft server please wait and he keeps driving me to the home page on Xbox One pic.wikipedia.org / LDmcYMqg
RhandlerR trying to play and it keeps saying connecting to Ubisoft server please wait and it keeps kicking me out to main page on Xbox one pic.twitter.com/LDmcYMqntg
2012 RhandlerR trying to play and it keeps saying connecting to Ubisoft server please wait and it keeps kicking me out to main page on Xbox one pic.twitter.com/LDmcYMqntg
on
had to go underground to get a double kill . .  
had to go into hiding to commit a double murder.
had to go underground to get a double murder...
had to jump underground to get a double kill..
had needed to go underground to get a double quick kill..
had to go underground to get a dragon kill..
"Welp
"Puppy
"Welp
"Welp
"The Welp
"8
"sometimes the melee just doesn’t wanna go for some reason
"Sometimes the melee just won't go away for some reason
"Sometimes the melee just doesn't wanna go for some reason
"sometimes the melee just doesn’t wanna go
"sometimes is the melee just doesn ’ t wanna go for some reason
"sometimes the melee just will actually occur for 8 weeks
@GhostRecon why can't I play the other missions on Breakpoint after I killed Walker???!! They're blacked out.
@ GhostRecon Why can't I play the other missions on Breakpoint after I killed Walker???!! They are blackened.
@ GhostRecon why can't I play other missions on Breakpoint after I killed Walker???! They're blown up.
@GhostRecon why can't I play all other missions on Breakpoint after I killed Walker???!! They're blacked outs.
@GhostRecon why can't they I still play the entire other missions on Operation Breakpoint after explaining I killed Walker???!! They're nearly blacked out.
@GhostRecon why can't you check the other missions on Breakpoint after he hit Walker???!! They're blacked out.
in the future can you please add this character skin to the game. Just like wildlands I would love to see this in breakpoint.  
"In the future you can add this character skin to the game. Just like Wildlands
"In the future
in your future can you please add this character skin to the game. Just like wildlands I would want to see this in breakpoint.
in the known future can you please kindly add back this character skin to the game. Just not like wildlands I would love to totally see this in breakpoint.
in the future than you please add this character back to the game. Just like wildlands I would write to see her in breakpoint.
Does anybody tips how to improve the GR Breakpoint game performance on Xbox One X? For me it's kind of bad:. gamerdvr.com/gamer/dreynreh…. gamerdvr.com/gamer/dreynreh…. gamerdvr.com/gamer/dreynreh…. @UbisoftSupport @GhostRecon @XboxSupport
Does anyone give tips on how to improve the performance of the GR Breakpoint game on Xbox One X? For me it's kind of bad:. gamerdvr.com / gamer / dreynreh.... gamerdvr.com / gamer / dreynreh.... gamerdvr.com / gamer / dreynreh.... @ UbisoftSupport @ GhostRecon @ XboxSupport
Can anyone tell me how to improve the performance of the GR Breakpoint game on Xbox One X? It's kind of bad for me:. gfr.com / gfr.com / gfrench / dreynreh.... gfr.com / gfrench / dreynreh.... @ Ubisoft Support @ GhostRecon @ XboxSupport
Does anybody tips how we fix the GR OW game performance on my One X? For me it's kind and clear:. gamerdvr.com/gamer/dreynreh…. gamerdvr.com/gamer/dreynreh…. gamerdvr.com/gamer/dreynreh…. @UbisoftSupport @GhostRecon<unk>
Does you anybody tips I how to improve the GR Breakpoint Video game performance on Xbox One X? For me everyone it's kind out of... bad :. gamerdvr. com com / gamer / per dreynreh …. gamerdvr. com com / post gamer / dreynreh …. gamerdvr. com / gamer / dreynreh …. @UbisoftSupport @GhostRecon @XboxSupport
about everyone tips how you improve the GR Breakpoint 2 performance one Xbox One X? By myself it's kind of obvious:. gamerdvr.com/gamer/dreynreh.... gamerdvr.com/gamer/dreynreh.... and.com/gamer/dreynreh.... @UbisoftSupport @GhostRecon and
@UbisoftSupport @AskPlayStation @PlayStation  Game is getting crashed as i select my character in Ghost recon:breakpoint. Kindly requesting u to look into the matter..  
@ UbisoftSupport @ AskPlayStation @ PlayStation Game crashes as I choose my character in Ghost recon: breakpoint.
@ Ubisoft Support @ PlayStation @ PlayStation Game crashes when I choose my character in Ghost recon: breakpoint.
@UbisoftSupport @AskPlayStation @PlayStation  Game keeps getting crashed as i select my character in Ghost recon:breakpoint. Kindly requesting u to look into current problem
@UbisoftSupport @AskPlayStation x @PlayStation This Game is definitely getting crashed as so i select my character in Ghost recon : breakpoint. Kindly by requesting u want to look thoroughly into what the matter..
@UbisoftSupport The @AskPlayStation internet is getting crashed as i select my characters in Ghost recon:breakpoint. Kindly requesting u please look into what this..
@GhostRecon  @Ubisoft  @UbisoftSupport nice bug youtu.be/H_KaJS9NPAU
@ GhostRecon @ Ubisoft @ UbisoftSupport nice bug youtu.be / H _ KaJS9NPAU
@ GhostRecon @ Ubisoft @ Ubisoft Support nice bug youtu.be / H _ KaJS9NPAU
@GhostRecon  @Ubisoft  One nice bug<unk>.be/H_KaJS9NPAU
@GhostRecon @Ubisoft hello @UbisoftSupport nice things bug off youtu. It be / H _ I KaJS9NPAU
@GhostRecon<unk> This com for youtu.be/H_KaJS9NPAU
@GhostRecon I just got Error WHALERS-00303 and it resetted my character. What can I do to get my character back?
@ GhostRecon I just got the error WHALERS-00303 which reset my character. What can I do to get my character back?
@ GhostRecon I just got Error WHALERS-00303 and it resettled my character. What can I do to get my character back?
@GhostRecon I just got from WHALERS-00303 and it resetted my IP. What can I do to have my character back?
@GhostRecon... I had just got Error with WHALERS - 1 00303 and it resetted my character. 1 What can I ever do to get out my character back?
@GhostRecon I just got Error WHALERS-00303 and it resetted my server. WHO can he do to get his character back?
@GhostRecon_UK im playing Angel Guardian in Elite difficulty and i did the first part of it...the one with helicopters it was hell
@ GhostRecon _ UK im playing Angel Guardian in Elite difficulty and i did the first part of it... the one with helicopters it was hell
@ GhostRecon _ UK im playing Angel Guardian in the difference and i did the first part of it... the one with ghosters it was hell
@GhostRecon_UK im Team Angel Guardian in Elite Force and i did the first part of it...the one with helicopters it was hell
@GhostRecon_UK im playing Angel Guardian in Elite Two difficulty C and i did the first part careful of making it... the one with helicopters it was my hell
@GhostRecon_UK started playing Angel Guardian in Elite difficulty and i did 2 first part through it...the scenes with helicopters it was hell
@GhostRecon I swear if this happens one more time I’m never playing again. pic.twitter.com/E6rv1Hu4Dg
"@ GhostRecon I swear if this happens again
"@ GhostRecon I'll sweat if it happens again
RhandlerR I swear if this happens one more time I’m never playing again. pic.twitter.com/E6rv1Hu4Dg
org RhandlerR I swear if this happens one more time I’m never playing again. pic.twitter.com/E6rv1Hu4Dg
a
"@GhostRecon @Ubisoft your game is broken
"@ GhostRecon @ Ubisoft your game is broken
"@ GhostRecon @ Ubisoft Your game is broken
"RhandlerR RhandlerR your game is broken
"Source RhandlerR RhandlerR your game is broken
about
Bruhhh..  
Bruhhh..
Bruhhh..
Bruhhh..
with Bruhhh..
and..
enough of this DLC Bullshit just give us a new Splinter Cell Video Game 🤦. ‍. 🤦. ‍. 
Enough of this DLC bullshit just gives us a new splinter cell video game....
Enough of this DLC Bullshit to give us the new Splinter Cell Video Game...
enough of this DLC might just bring us a new Splinter Cell Video Game soon. ‍. 🤦. ‍.
enough of this DLC Bullshit just give amongst us quite a free new Splinter Cell Video Game series [UNK].. com [UNK]..
enough of Classic DLC Bullshit just show us a Good Splinter Cell Star Game <unk>.. <unk>..
"@GhostRecon_UK from few days game started kicking me out of network showing an error mountain 00015
"@ GhostRecon _ UK from a few days game started throwing me off the network
"@ GhostRecon _ UK with a few days game started kicking me out of the net
"@GhostRecon_UK tx few days back started kicking me out of network showing an error mountain 00015
"@GhostRecon_UK is from few days game started kicking got me out of radio network showing on an error mountain 00015
"manager from also good game started kicking me out as network showing an error mountain 00015
"@GhostRecon I had an update - WHALERS 00107 today (sun
"@ GhostRecon I had an update - WHALERS 00107 today (Sun
"@ GhostRecon I had an update - WHALERS 00107 today (Sun
"RhandlerR I had an update - WHALERS 00107 today (sun
"BBC RhandlerR I had an update - WHALERS 00107 today (sun
<unk>
@UbisoftCanada @GhostRecon Is there a way to remove discovered and already looted POI from the map?. It's starting to clog my map up even though I've already looted the area. (the eye symbols)
@ UbisoftCanada @ GhostRecon Is there a way to remove discovered and already looted POIs from the map? It starts clogging my map even though I have already looted the area. (the eye icons)
@ Ubisoft Canada @ GhostRecon Is there a way to remove detected and already looted POIs from the map?.
@UbisoftCanada @GhostRecon Is there a way to remove discovered and already looted POI from game map?. It's starting to clog my loot grid even though I've already looted one area. (the eye symbols)
@UbisoftCanada @GhostRecon Is there a way to remove discovered communication and sometimes already looted word POI from the map?. It'll s starting to slowly clog my map nose up even though I've probably already looted the immediate area. ( the green eye for symbols )
@UbisoftCanada @GhostRecon Is there a way to remove discovered and recently looted POI off the surface?. It's threatened to clog my map up even though I've already covered the area. (the map symbols)
"@GhostRecon needs to get the A.I. teammate stuff worked out. It’s crazy they just give up on you in the middle of it
@ GhostRecon has to work out the A.I. Teammates stuff. It's crazy that they just give up on you in the middle of it and hardly listen to the commands.
@ GhostRecon needs to develop material for the A.I. chat it's crazy that they're just abandoning you in the middle of it and they're barely listening to the commands.
"@GhostRecon needs to get the A.I. teammate stuff worked out. It’s crazy they just heap advice on you in the middle of it
"@GhostRecon needs to get to the A. I. teammate stuff worked out. It totally ’ s crazy they might just give up on you given in to the middle part of giving it
"@GhostRecon needs to get the A.I. control stuff worked now. It’s crazy they so give up on you in this thick of it
Just make a new  
Just make a new one
Just make a new
Just make a comment
Why Just make a new
ever make a new
"@GhostRecon_UK so i ragequit cause after killing all the wolves and looking for the submarine after trying to get to this submarine my character stuck himself falling in the air and i have to kill them all again for this glitch
"@ GhostRecon _ UK making me angry cause after killing all the wolves and finding the submarine after trying to get this submarine my character got stuck in the air and I have to kill them all again for this glitch
"@ GhostRecon _ UK so i ragequit cause after killing all the wolves and looking for the submarine after trying to get to this submarine my character stuck himself falling in the air and i have to kill them all again for this glip
"@GhostRecon_UK so kinda ragequit cause after killing all the wolves and looking for the submarine after trying to get back there submarine my character stuck himself falling in the air and i have to kill them all again for this glitch
"@GhostRecon_UK so i ragequit cause after killing me all the wolves and now looking out for the submarine after trying trying to get to this submarine and my character has stuck himself falling in the air and finally i therefore have to kill them all and again for this glitch
"@GhostRecon_UK on i ragequit<unk> after killing all the wolves and looking for the submarine after trying to get to this submarine my character stuck and falling in the air and i have I kill them once again for this monster
@GhostRecon @Ubisoft please for the love of GOD fix the slide action . Tired of trying to shoot and my guy sliding down the side of a peak for no reason.
@ GhostRecon @ Ubisoft please for the love of GOD fix the slide action. Tired of trying to shoot and my guy slips down the side of a peak for no reason.
"@ GhostRecon @ Ubisoft
@GhostRecon @Ubisoft please for the love of GOD fix the slide action. Tired of pushing to shoot and my guy rolled down the side of long peak for no reason.
@GhostRecon @Ubisoft please for the love story of GOD fix the slide action. Tired me of really trying to shoot and my bad guy was sliding down at the side of entering a peak zone for no reason.
@GhostRecon 1 And for the love only GOD fix the slide action. Tired of trying to shoot and my guy sliding down that camera like a peak for no reason.
@GhostRecon kicked out of the game every ten minutes or so for both me and my friend so annoying
"@ GhostRecon has thrown me and my friend out of the game every ten minutes
@ GhostRecon kicked out every ten minutes or so for me and my friend so annoying
@GhostRecon kicked out of each game every ten minutes or so for both me and my teams so annoying
I @GhostRecon kicked out of after the game every ten minutes or so for both me and being my friend so very annoying
@GhostRecon kicked themselves of the game every ten meters or so were both me and my friend so annoying
"@UbisoftSupport  @Ubisoft  why you leave us in Dark?? not an update since the 16th
"@ UbisoftSupport @ Ubisoft why you keeping us in the dark?? no update since the 16th
"@ Ubisoft Support @ Ubisoft why are you leaving us in the dark?? not an update from 16th
"@UbisoftSupport  @Ubisoft  Did you leave us in Dark?? not an update since the 16th
"@UbisoftSupport the @Ubisoft why you leave us back in Dark?? not an update on since September the 16th
"@UbisoftSupport @Ubisoft why you drag us in that?? not an update since the 16th
@GhostRecon I was wondering if anyone is listening and if so are you guys no longer updating or currently working on Breakpoint. This a serious question due to recent events a youtuber made us aware you guys were having difficulties financially. Is this why update 1.1.0 is gone?
"@ GhostRecon I was wondering if anyone is listening and if so
@ GhostRecon I was wondering if anyone is listening and if so are you guys no longer updating or currently working on Breakpoint. This is a serious question due to recent events a youtuber made us aware you guys had houses financial. Is this why update 1.1.0 is gone?
@GhostRecon I was wondering if anyone is listening and if so are your guys no longer updating or currently contributing on Breakpoint. Now a serious question according to recent events a youtuber made us suspect you guys still having difficulties financially. Is this why update 1.1.0 is gone?
@GhostRecon I was wondering if anyone is listening and if so are you guys no longer here updating or currently working on your Breakpoint. This raises a serious question so due to recent events a single youtuber made us aware you guys three were then having difficulties financially. Is this why all update 1. 1. x 0 data is gone?
@GhostRecon I was wondering that anybody is worried and if so are you guys no longer updating or currently working on Breakpoint. This a serious concern due very recent times a youtuber made us aware you guys both having difficulties updating. Is this why update set.1.0 is gone?
@GhostRecon  
@ GhostRecon
@ GhostRecon
@GhostRecon
ST @GhostRecon
see
@UbiSupportDE  
@ UbiSupportEN
@ UbiSupply DE
@UbiSupportDE
The @UbiSupportDE
do
@GhostRecon_UK  yOUR PVP IS FUCKING GAY
@ GhostRecon _ UK YOUR PVP FICKING GAY
@ GhostRecon _ UK yOUR PVP Is FUCKING
@GhostRecon_UK <unk> PVP IS FUCKING GAY
@GhostRecon_UK yOUR The PVP IN IS A FUCKING GAY
@GhostRecon_UK yOUR PVP AT THE GAY
@GhostRecon . GHOST RECON WILDLANDS: Extreme Difficulty Gameplay . youtu.be/OrdZokcb3OA https://t.co/lRJX568eFf
@ GhostRecon. GHOST RECON WILDLANDS: Extreme difficulty gameplay. youtu.be / OrdZokcb3OA https: / / t.co / lRJX568eFf
@ GhostRecon. GHOST RECON WILDLANDS: I Difficulty Gameplay. youtu.be / Zokcb3OA https: / / www.co / lRJX568eFf
@GhostRecon. K and WILDLANDS: Extreme Difficulty Gameplay → youtu.be/OrdZokcb3OA https://t.co/lRJX568eFf]
And @GhostRecon. THE GHOST TO RECON OR WILDLANDS : Extreme and Difficulty With Gameplay. by youtu. be / at OrdZokcb3OA The https://t.co/lRJX568eFf ]
subtitle. GHOST AND<unk>: Extreme HD mode. youtu.be/OrdZokcb3OA by]
@AskPS_UK  @UbisoftSupport  @GhostRecon_UK I keep  getting  kicked  off  the   Server Is there an issue with it
@ AskPS _ UK @ UbisoftSupport @ GhostRecon _ UK I keep getting kicked off the server Is there a problem with this?
"@ GhostRecon _ UK I keep getting kicked off the ""Is there an issue with it"""
@AskPS_UK  @UbisoftSupport  @GhostRecon_UK just keep  getting  triggered  off  with   Server Is there an issue with it
@AskPS_UK 3 @UbisoftSupport @GhostRecon_UK As I keep getting kicked off the Server Is not there always an issue with doing it
@AskPS_UK @UbisoftSupport @GhostRecon_UK You keep getting kicked off the site Is here an issue with it
"@GhostRecon You guys really have to fix the numerous bugs in this game. Also npc not reloading is bullshit and the decision to add stagger is simply stupid even more when you add injury. Npc don't get staggered but the player stops shooting
"@ GhostRecon You guys really need to fix the numerous bugs in this game. Also
"@ GhostRecon You guys really need to fix the numerous errors in this game. Also npc not rebooting is empty crap and the decision to add stagger is just stupid
"@GhostRecon You guys seriously have gotta fix the many bugs in this game. Also npc not reloading is bullshit and the decision to add trauma is simply stupid even more so it add injury. Npc don't get staggered but the player stops shooting
"@GhostRecon You poor guys really have to fix the numerous bugs in this game. Also... npc not reloading time is complete bullshit and the decision to add more stagger is simply stupid even yet more stupid when you add bullet injury. Npc don't get staggered but when the player stops shooting
"@GhostRecon You guys really have gonna fix the numerous bugs in this game. With npc not reloading its bullshit and same decision to add stagger is sheer stupid even when that you add random. Npc don't get staggered until the player stops shooting
"@GhostRecon @Ubisoft @Ubisoft_UK @UbisoftSupport i need help my achievements ""top drone"" & ""only the best"" aren't working but i have upgrade the drone and the other to max? pic.twitter.com/gpb8nDWo6J pic.twitter.com/A64S5ipUrQ"
"@ GhostRecon @ Ubisoft @ Ubisoft _ UK @ UbisoftSupport I need help for my successes ""top drone"" & ""only the best"" do not work
"@ GhostRecon @ Ubisoft @ Ubisoft _ UK @ Ubisoft _ Support I need help with my ""top drone"" and ""only the best"" achievements don't work
"RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR i need help my achievements ""top drone"" & ""only the best"" aren't working but i have upgrade the drone and the other to max? pic.twitter.com/gpb8nDWo6J pic.twitter.com/A64S5ipUrQ"
"1 RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR i need help my achievements ""top drone"" & ""only the best"" aren't working but i have upgrade the drone and the other to max? pic.twitter.com/gpb8nDWo6J pic.twitter.com/A64S5ipUrQ"
of
Servers down  
Server shut down
Servers down
Servers A
Servers sent down
it down
"@GhostRecon What's wrong with the game NOW? Why can't we ""connect""?. . And
"@ GhostRecon What is going on with the game NOW? Why can't we ""connect""?... And will you ever fix this game? The silence is deafening."
"@ GhostRecon What's wrong with the game NOW? Why can't we ""connect""?."
"@GhostRecon What's wrong inside the universe NOW? Why can't we ""connect""?.. And
"@GhostRecon... What's been wrong here with playing the game here NOW? P Why can't we "" connect ""?.. And
"@GhostRecon What's going with the game NOW? Why can't I ""connect""?.. And
"What is your banning process @UbisoftSupport!? Clearly an assault with a DMR Glitch. We've sent video
"What is your ban procedure @ UbisoftSupport!? Clearly an attack with a DMR glitch. We have sent videos
"What's your decision-making process @ Ubisoft Support!? Clearly an attack from the DMR. We sent videos
"What makes the banning process @UbisoftSupport!? Clearly an assault with a DMR Glitch. We've gathered video
"What is your banning process in @UbisoftSupport!? 1 Clearly called an assault case with nearly a DMR Glitch. We've sent video
"What is your banning us about!? Clearly an assault without a Sky Glitch. We've sent certificates
"@Ubisoft So when you say you fixed the parachutes on GR Breakpoint
"@ Ubisoft So when you say you attached the parachutes to GR Breakpoint
"@ Ubisoft So when you say you fixed the parachutes on GR Breakpoint
"@Ubisoft So when you say you fixed the crash on GR Breakpoint
"@Ubisoft So when you say unless you merely fixed away the parachutes on GR Breakpoint
"@Ubisoft So once you say you fixed the parachutes in GR 3
Graphics on  . I want a refund!
I want a refund!
The graphics are on. I want my money back!
Graphics on . I want to refund!
Social Graphics are on. I want a refund!
go on. I want a refund!
@GhostRecon I can not play my game at all. Every time I connect it’s takes me right back to the main menu. When I do connect my Al sync shot kicks me back to a biovac!
"@ GhostRecon I can't play my game at all. Every time I connect
@ GhostRecon I can not play my game at all. Every time I connect it's takes me right back to the main menu. When I do connect my Al sync shot kinds me back to a biovac!
@GhostRecon I can not play my game at all. Every time I connect it’s takes me right back to my main menu. When I do respond your finger sync shot kicks me back to a biovac!
@GhostRecon I can not even play my game at ease all. Every time I connect on it ’ that s takes me heading right back to in the main computer menu. When I do connect up my Al sync and shot kicks me back to a biovac!
@GhostRecon I can not play my game at all. Every time I connect mine brings itself right back to the main menu. When I do connect my Al sync shot keeps me back at a game!
"If only it was that simple
"If only it were as easy to read the comments that most customers complain about how shady they are with information. It's tacky and disgusting to see
"If it were that simple
"If only marketing was that simple
"If only it was that things simple
"just today it was that simple
@GhostRecon Is there a plan to address the crashing and new model rigging problems in a hotfix? Or will we have to wait for a major content update?
@ GhostRecon Is there a plan to fix the crashing and new manipulation issues in a hotfix? Or will we have to wait for a major content update?
@ GhostRecon Do we have a plan to fix the crash tests and bugs of the new model? Or will we have to wait for a major content update?
@GhostRecon Is there a plan towards address the crashing and default model rigging problems in a hotfix? Or will we have to wait for a major content dump?
@GhostRecon Is not there a plan to address already the crashing and new model engine rigging problems in a single hotfix? Or will we have to simply wait for a last major content update?
@GhostRecon Is first a plan to address the crashing and possible model rigging problems in a hotfix? Or will I have to plan for a major content launch?
Hey @GhostRecon How in hell I can fix SHALL WE RETURN TO OUR REGULAR SCHEDULE its driving me fucking nuts . 
Hey @ GhostRecon How in hell can I fix IF WE SHOULD return to OUR REGUlar SCHEDULE that drives me goddamn crazy.
"Hey
Hey @GhostRecon How in hell I can fix SHALL WE RETURN TO OUR REGULAR SCHEDULE its giving me fucking nuts.
Hey Trevor @GhostRecon How in is hell I just can barely fix SHALL WE RETURN TO TO OUR and REGULAR AS SCHEDULE its driving me fucking nuts.
Hey Man How in hell I possibly say SHALL WE RETURN TO OUR NO SCHEDULE for driving me fucking nuts.
"I hate it playing against PC players
"I hate to play against PC players
"I hate playing against computer players not only because I play like crap
"I hate it playing against small players
"I also hate spending it playing against PC players
"I prefer it playing with PC players
Just tried @GhostRecon_UK for the first time in months and it's still a bug riddled mess. Seriously guy just abandon it and move on. It's dead now.
"I've just tried @ GhostRecon _ UK for the first time in months and it's still a bug-riddled mess. Serious guy
Just tried @ GhostRecon _ UK for the first time in months and it's still a total mess.
Just tried @GhostRecon_UK for the second time since months and it's still a bug riddled mess. Seriously guy just abandon bugs and move on. It's dead now.
5 Just tried @GhostRecon_UK for the first time out in months and it'z s still a bug riddled mess. Seriously guy just abandon playing it and never move on. It'l s dead even now.
Just removed here for the first time in months and shit's still a bugs riddled mess. Seriously guy just abandon it and move here. It's dead now.
"@GhostRecon_UK Please change the menus
"@ GhostRecon _ UK Please change menus as it is so frustrating not to be able to dismantle weapons due to ""preset."""
"@ GhostRecon _ UK Please change the menus
"@GhostRecon_UK Please change the menus
"Although @GhostRecon_UK Please change to the menus
"@GhostRecon_UK<unk> scroll the menus
"@GhostRecon Almost all the backpacks handles are too floaty
"@ GhostRecon Almost all carry handles for backpacks are too fluid
"@ GhostRecon Almost all rucksack handles are too floating
"@GhostRecon Almost all the backpacks handles are really floaty
"@GhostRecon Almost all the backpacks handles are totally too floaty
"<unk> Almost all the backpacks handles are not floaty
@GhostRecon  that sliding mechanic for break point is by far the dumbest shit ever . .. U can't stop it or nothing
@ GhostRecon that sliding mechanics for fracture is by far the stupidest shit ever... U can't stop it or nothing
@ GhostRecon that the slide for break point is definitely the stupidest crap ever.
@GhostRecon  that sliding mechanic for break point is by far tha dumbest shit created... U can't stop it or nothing
Maybe @GhostRecon that sliding on mechanic for break point is by far but the dumbest shit ever... is U can't stop it either or nothing
@GhostRecon that idiot mechanic for break point is by far the dumbest shit in... U can't stop it so care
@GhostRecon  fuck off
@ GhostRecon
@ GhostRecon fuck off
@GhostRecon <unk> off
She @GhostRecon fuck off
just fuck off
"@GhostRecon I love having paid money for a game that I haven't been able to get past the loading screen on for over 24 hours. Just straight shuts down and boots me to the Xbox home. Sweet update
"@ GhostRecon I love paying money for a game that I haven't been able to get on the charging screen for over 24 hours. Just turn off and start on the Xbox home. Sweet update
@ GhostRecon I love that I paid money for a game that I couldn't pass through the download screen for more than 24 hours.
"@GhostRecon I agree having paid money for a game that you haven't been able to get past the loading screen on in over 24 hours. Just straight shuts down and boots me from the Xbox home. Sweet update
"@GhostRecon I really love having paid enough money for a sports game that I haven't been able then to get it past the loading screen on for over 24 working hours. Just straight shuts down and reality boots up me to the Xbox home. Sweet morning update
"@GhostRecon I love all paid money for an game that I haven't been qualified to get past the loading screen on for over 24 hours. One straight shuts down what sends me to the Xbox Live. Sweet update
"@GhostRecon How do we fix the Cursor issue
"@ GhostRecon How to fix the cursor problem
"@ GhostRecon How can we fix the Cursor problem
"@GhostRecon How do we fix the Cursor issue
"@GhostRecon How do we fix out the Cursor issue
"@GhostRecon How do we fix the Cursor issue
@UbisoftSupport @GhostRecon_UK Apparently I’ve read that Breakpoint TU_1.1.0 was delayed because of the conflicting survey results. I must admit some of the suggestions I 100% agree with and others are just plain stupid. pic.twitter.com/kJqZI2BfqN
@ UbisoftSupport @ GhostRecon _ UK Apparently I have read that Breakpoint TU _ 1.1.0 has been delayed due to conflicting poll results. I have to admit that some of the suggestions I agree with 100% and others are just stupid. pic.twitter.com / kJqZI2BfqN
@ UbisSupport @ GhostRecon _ UK I read that Breakpoint TU _ 1.1.0 has been postponed due to the results of the survey.
RhandlerR RhandlerR Apparently I’ve read that Breakpoint TU_1.1.0 was delayed because of the conflicting survey results. I must admit some of the suggestions I 100% agree with and others are just plain stupid. pic.twitter.com/kJqZI2BfqN
† RhandlerR RhandlerR Apparently I’ve read that Breakpoint TU_1.1.0 was delayed because of the conflicting survey results. I must admit some of the suggestions I 100% agree with and others are just plain stupid. pic.twitter.com/kJqZI2BfqN
and
Anyone else having a problem of helicopters spawning in mid air after exiting a bivouac? @GhostRecon  
Who else has a problem with helicopters spawning in the air after leaving a bivouac? @ GhostRecon
Does anyone else have a problem spawning fish in the air after getting out of a bivouac? @ GhostRecon
Anyone else having a problem of helicopters spawning in a field after exiting a bivouac? @GhostRecon
YOU Anyone else having such a problem learning of helicopters spawning in mid ocean air after exiting a bivouac? @GhostRecon
Anyone else having a problem of helicopters spawning in the night once exiting a bivouac? @GhostRecon
@GhostRecon can you guys look into why I’m constantly getting stuck everywhere? And I mean everywhere! pic.twitter.com/m7vwf1CHLC
@ GhostRecon can you investigate why I'm everywhere all the time? and I mean everywhere! pic.twitter.com / m7vwf1CHLC
@ GhostRecon Can you guys figure out why I'm constantly stuck everywhere? And I mean everywhere! pic.facebook.com / m7vwf1CHLC
RhandlerR can you guys look into why I’m constantly getting stuck everywhere? And I mean everywhere! pic.twitter.com/m7vwf1CHLC
CS RhandlerR can you guys look into why I’m constantly getting stuck everywhere? And I mean everywhere! pic.twitter.com/m7vwf1CHLC
you
Loved @GhostRecon  . . Was bloody hyped for  . Pre ordered the ultimate edition. And platinum the game as soon as I could.. . What did I get for that?. This!!!. @Ubisoft https://t.co/UjewnrYpX4
Loved @ GhostRecon.. Was bloody hyped for. Pre-ordered the ultimate edition. And platinum the game as soon as I could... What did I get for it?. This!!. @ Ubisoft https: / / t.co / UjewnrYpX4
Loved @ GhostRecon.. Was bloody hyped for. Pre ordered the ultimate edition. And platinum the game as soon as I could... What did I get for that?. This!!!. @ Ubisoft https: / / Fenco / UjefrYpX4
"Loved @GhostRecon .
It Loved @GhostRecon.. 9 Was really bloody hyped on for. Pre ordered of the ultimate edition. And platinum the whole game as pretty soon as I could... w What did I get due for that?.... This!!!. @Ubisoft https://t.co/UjewnrYpX4 ]
Loved @GhostRecon.. Was bloody hyped for. Pre covered the ultimate edition. And platinum the game as soon where I could... and Do I mean tree Christmas?. This!!!. @Ubisoft 2]
Fuck you Behemoth!. .  .  .  
Fuck you Behemoth!....
Fuck you themoth!.....
Fuck off Behemoth!.. . .
No Fuck with you Behemoth!....
Fuck it on!....
@GhostRecon @UbisoftSupport hi. I've been trying to download ghost recon wildlands version 1.30 for about a week now. This is around the 4th tine I've tried downloading it but it always either freezes or returns an error. Help please. Thank you
"@ GhostRecon @ UbisoftSupport hello. I have been trying to download Ghost Recon Wildlands version 1.30 for about a week. This is about the 4th tines I have tried to download
"@ GhostRecon @ Ubisad.Support hi. I've been trying to download version of ghostRecon 1.30 for about a week. This is about the 4th version I tried to download
@GhostRecon @UbisoftSupport hi. I've been trying to post ghost recon wildlands version 1.30 for about a week now. This is around the 4th day we tried downloading it but it always immediately freezes or returns an error. Help please. Thank ya
@GhostRecon @UbisoftSupport hi. I've been trying to download ghost recon wildlands version as 1. 2 30 there for about a week now. This is basically around the time 4th tine I've tried downloading over it but it... always either freezes bugs or returns an error. Help it please. Thank fuck you
@GhostRecon @UbisoftSupport hi. I've been trying to download ghost recon wildlands to 1.30 for over a week now. This maybe also the 4th tine I've tried downloading it but it always either freezes and has an orange. Help Chris. Thank the
Twice I tried to switch to a diversion lure and it crashed the game during the strategist mission. @GhostRecon
Twice I tried to switch to a diversion and during the strategic mission the game crashed. @ GhostRecon
I tried to switch to saboteurs bait and it ruined the game during the mission. @ GhostRecon
Twice I tried to switch to a diversion lure & it crashed the game during your strategist mission. @GhostRecon
Twice I tried again to switch to a diversion lure and... it actually crashed the game during the game strategist for mission. @GhostRecon
Twice someone tried to switch up a diversion lure and it crashed the game during the strategist cycle. @GhostRecon
Those who decided on the direction of @GhostRecon  . A studio that can make amazing games is being ridiculed because of the amounting pressure to fix this broken mess.
"For those who have chosen the direction of @ GhostRecon
Those who have decided on the direction of @ GhostRecon. A studio that can make amazing games is under pressure to fix this broken mess.
Those who decided on the future of @GhostRecon . A studio that can make amazing games is being ridiculed because its the amounting pressure to fix this whole mess.
Thought Those who decided on the direction of @GhostRecon. A studio guy that can really make amazing games is constantly being widely ridiculed because of the amounting crowd pressure to help fix this broken mess.
Those who decided about the direction of @GhostRecon. The studio that can make amazing stuff is heavily ridiculed because of the amounting pressure to fix a broken mess.
Ghost Recon Breakpoint has become an excellent no-stakes distraction game is there a way anyone couldnt help me.  Game wont past title screen after latest update . Please help @UbisoftSupport @GhostRecon @GhostRecon_UK
Ghost Recon Breakpoint has become an excellent no-stakes distraction game that no one could help me with. It will no longer appear on the title screen after the last update. Please help @ UbisoftSupport @ GhostRecon @ GhostRecon _ EN
Ghost Recon Breakpoint was a great no-wager game and anyone can help me.
Ghost Recon Breakpoint has become an excellent no-stakes distraction game is there a way anyone couldnt help winning.  Game wont past title screen after latest episode. In review @UbisoftSupport @GhostRecon @GhostRecon_UK
Ghost Ship Recon Breakpoint has become rather an excellent no - stakes distraction game is there a long way anyone just couldnt quite help me. Game wont past title red screen after our latest update. Please please help @UbisoftSupport with @GhostRecon @GhostRecon_UK
Ghost Recon Breakpoint has been an excellent no-stakes music video is there a way anyone couldnt help me. Game wont open title screen after latest addition. Please buy through @UbisoftSupport @GhostRecon
Hey @GhostRecon I really want to play the new Update but the game keeps throwing me out every 5 minutes!. What should I do?
"Hey @ GhostRecon I really want to play the new update
Hey @ GhostRecon I really want to play the new FB but the game keeps showing me out every 5 minutes!. What should I do?
Hey fuck I really want to play the new Update but fucking game keeps throwing me out every 5 minutes!. What should I do?
Hey there @GhostRecon I really want to play the new Update show but the live game keeps throwing me out every 5 ½ minutes!. What should if I exactly do?
Hey everyone I really want to play the new games but new game keeps throwing me up every 5 minutes!. What should I do?
"The newest @GhostRecon Breakpoint patch broke the game even more. Cutscenes with audio out of sync
"The latest @ GhostRecon Breakpoint patch has messed up the game even more. Interludes with out-of-sync audio
"The newest patch @ GhostRecon Breakpoint broke the game even more. Clip the sound out of sync
"The newest @GhostRecon Breakpoint patch break the game even more. Cutscenes with audio out of sync
"The newest @GhostRecon Breakpoint a patch broke apart the game even much more. Cutscenes with raw audio out of the sync
"The newest @GhostRecon Breakpoint patch trash the game even more. Cutscenes with audio lack of sync
"@GhostRecon Breakpoint keeps booting me off with ""Mountain-00016"" 3rd time in 20 minutes"
"@ GhostRecon Breakpoint keeps booting me with ""Mountain-00016"" 3rd time in 20 minutes"
"@ GhostRecon Breakpoint continues to upload me from ""Mountain-00016"" for the third time in 20 minutes"
"@GhostRecon Breakpoint keeps nodding me off with ""Mountain-00016"" one time in 20 minutes"
"@GhostRecon and Breakpoint keeps just booting me off with "" Mountain - 00016 "" my 3rd time in the 20 minutes"
"@GhostRecon Breakpoint keeps booting off off like ""Mountain-00016"" first time in 30 minutes"
@GhostRecon What wrong here?? pic.twitter.com/DEmjcSfI1c
@ GhostRecon What's going on here?? pic.twitter.com / DEmjcSfI1c
@ GhostRecon What's wrong with this?? pic.fm / DemjcI1c
RhandlerR What wrong here?? pic.twitter.com/DEmjcSfI1c
x RhandlerR What wrong here?? pic.twitter.com/DEmjcSfI1c
me
Am I the only one experiencing so many bug with @GhostRecon?
Am I the only one who experienced so many mistakes with @ GhostRecon?
Am I the only one experiencing so many mistakes with @ GhostRecon?
Am I the only reader experiencing so many bug with @GhostRecon?
Am I actually the only adult one experiencing so many issues bug with @GhostRecon?
Am I the only reader experiencing the many bug with @GhostRecon?
@UbisoftSupport @GhostRecon I can't change my select class but it is unlock I think I got a glitch
"@ UbisoftSupport @ GhostRecon I can not change my selected class
"@ UbisSupport @ GhostRecon I can't change my chosen class
@UbisoftSupport @GhostRecon I just change that select class but it is unlock I think I got a glitch
@UbisoftSupport @GhostRecon I just can't change my select class but it too is unlock I think I finally got all a little glitch
@UbisoftSupport @GhostRecon I can't lock my select class but mine is unlock I think my got a glitch
@GhostRecon Wildlands seems to be having issue with Ubisoft service with error message Uyuni-00054
@ GhostRecon Wildlands seems to have a problem with the Ubisoft service with the error message Uyuni-00054
@ GhostRecon Wildlands appears to be experiencing problems with Ubisoft service with error message Uyuni-00054
@GhostRecon Wildlands seems to start having issue with Ubisoft service with error in Uyuni-00054
Against @GhostRecon Wildlands seems to also be having issue with Ubisoft news service with the error message called Uyuni - 00054
@GhostRecon Wildlands seems to be at issue with tracking service with error condition Uyuni-00054
 
It is not the first time that the EU Commission has taken such a step.
"At the same time



@GhostRecon . Problem with class selection i have season pass but i can't select it
"@ GhostRecon. Problem with class selection I have season ticket
@ GhostRecon. With class choice I have a subscription but I can't choose it
@GhostRecon. Problem some class selection i have season pass but i can't select it
@GhostRecon. Problem with team class selection i do have the season pass but i can'd t select it
<unk>. Problem with class selection i have season pass test i want't select it
I maintain a  . This is a no-brainer for me.
"For me
I support it. It's a no-brainer for me.
I maintain a <unk> This is a no-brainer for me.
I maintain a. A This line is a no - brainer for me.
I maintain a. 32 is a no-brainer to me.
@GhostRecon . Hi .... did u fix 1000 ft flying with helicopter crash .... So when u fly 1000 ft the game will crash . 
@ GhostRecon. Hello.... did u fix 1000 ft flying with helicopter crash.... So if u fly 1000 ft the game will crash.
@ GhostRecon. Hi.... did u fix 1000 ft flying with Hilton crash.... So when u fly 1000 ft the game will crash.
@GhostRecon. Hi.... When u fix thousand ft flying with helicopter crash.... So when u fly 1000 ft the game will crash.
Per @GhostRecon. Hi.... did not u fix 1000 ft flying with helicopter crash.... or So if when did u fly 1000 ft the online game will crash.
@GhostRecon. A.... did u fix 1000 ft flying the helicopter crash.... now so u fly 400 ft the game will start.
"I was planning on streaming today
I wanted to stream today but Breakpoint crashes every time I load it... Can someone @ GhostRecon @ UbisoftSupport please check this? https: / / t.co / 9whZRePvJk
"I planned to stream today
"I had planning on streaming today
"7 I was planning on streaming free today
"<unk> supposedly planning on streaming today
"@GhostRecon You call 1.1.0 an update. You're having a laugh
"@ GhostRecon You call 1.1.0 an update. You laugh
"@ GhostRecon You call 1.1.0 an update. You laugh
"@GhostRecon You call 1.1.0 an update. You're having a laugh
"@GhostRecon You call 1. 1. 0 an extensive update. And You'll re so having a laugh
"@GhostRecon already hit 1.1.0 an update. The're having a laugh
We live near a hospital with a helipad and I am starting to think getting into Ghost Recon: Breakpoint was a bad idea. . .  
We live near a hospital with a helipad and I'm starting to think about going into Ghost Recon: Breakpoint was a bad idea...
We live next door to a hospital with a helipad and I'm starting to think getting into Ghost Recon: Breakpoint was a bad idea...
We live near a hospital with a helipad and I am starting me think getting into Ghost Recon: Breakpoint was a sound strategy...
We live near by a hospital area with a helipad and so I honestly am very starting to think getting into Ghost Recon : Breakpoint was a bad practical idea...
We live near a hospital with a helipad and I suppose starting to move straight into Ghost Recon: 2008 was a bad idea...
@ghostrecon @ubisoft @UbisoftSupport @UbisoftParis   Why is the estimated time for Ghost War always just a straight up lie? Can we get an accurate estimate or something? It's almost been a year...  
@ ghostrecon @ ubisoft @ UbisoftSupport @ UbisoftParis Why is the estimated time for Ghost War always just a lie? Can we get an accurate estimate or something like that? It was almost a year ago...
"@ ghrecon @ ubisoft @ Ubisoft @ Ubisoft _ Paris Why is the supposed time of ""Ghost Wars"" always just a lie? Can we get an accurate estimate or something? Almost a year has passed..."
@ghostrecon @ubisoft @UbisoftSupport @UbisoftParis   Why is the estimated time for Ghost War always showing a right up curve? Can we get a accurate estimate or something? It's almost been a year...
@ghostrecon CO @ubisoft OR @UbisoftSupport @UbisoftParis Why is just the estimated time for Ghost War having always just been a straight up business lie? Can either we get out an accurate estimate or make something? It's almost been a busy year...
@ghostrecon @ubisoft @UbisoftSupport @UbisoftParis When goes our estimated time for Ghost War always just the straight up lie? Can we get an accurate estimate in something? It's almost been five week...
@UbisoftSupport HELLO!?! Can I please get some info as to when breakpoint will be working on Xbox one? Tried all suggested workarounds and can’t open a ticket as my Ubisoft account won’t let me in  
@ UbisoftSupport HELLO!?! Can I please know when Breakpoint will work on Xbox One? Have tried all the suggested workarounds and can't open a ticket as my Ubisoft account won't let me in
@ Ubisoft Support HELLO!?! Can I please get some information about when breakpoint will be working on Xbox One? Tried all suggested workpoint and can not open a ticket as my Ubisoft account won't let me in
@UbisoftSupport HELLO!?! Can I please get some clue as to when breakpoint shall be supported on Xbox one? Completed all suggested workarounds and can’t open player ticket as my Ubisoft account won’t let me in
@UbisoftSupport HELLO!?! Can I still please get some info as to how when this breakpoint will be working on Xbox one? Tried all suggested various workarounds and can ’ it t open for a different ticket as my Ubisoft account... won ’ aren t let let me in
@UbisoftSupport HELLO!?! Can anybody please get some confirmation as to what breakpoint will be working on day one? tried multiple suggested workarounds and failed open a ticket as my hack account won’t let me in
"@GhostRecon this must be a bug. Can you please fix?  And not in the next big update
"@ GhostRecon This must be an error. Can you fix it please? And not in the next big update
"@ GhostRecon is probably a mistake. Can you fix it? Not in the next big update
"@GhostRecon this must catch a bug. Can you please patch?  And not in the next big update
"@GhostRecon this there must be a bug. Can then you quite please that fix? And will not in the next big update
"@GhostRecon this must be a bug. Do you please fix? And not until our next hardware update
@GhostRecon Why before the update I don't have lag with low graphics and after the update I have a lot of lag with low graphycs and It put I consume a lot of vram and before the update the vram was good pic.twitter.com/VsxPiR5sQ2
@ GhostRecon Why do I have no delay with low graphics before the update and after the update I have a big delay with low graphics and thus I use a lot of Vram and before the update the Vram was good pic.twitter.com / VsxPiR5sQ2
"@ GhostRecon Why before the upgrade I didn't have ""low graphics
RhandlerR Why before the update I don't have lag with low graphics and after the update I have a lot of lag with low graphycs and It put I consume a lot of vram and before the update the vram was good pic.twitter.com/VsxPiR5sQ2
The RhandlerR Why before the update I don't have lag with low graphics and after the update I have a lot of lag with low graphycs and It put I consume a lot of vram and before the update the vram was good pic.twitter.com/VsxPiR5sQ2
is
@GhostRecon @GhostRecon_UK Your PvP server doesn't work... Nobody can connect. And pls delete the scope for drones. They're useless und block syringes....  
@ GhostRecon @ GhostRecon _ EN Your PvP server is not working... No one can connect. And pls delete the scope for drones. They are useless and block syringes....
@ GhostRecon @ GhostRecon _ UK Your PvP server doesn't work... Nobody can connect. And pls delete the scope for drones. They're useless und block syrings....
@GhostRecon<unk> Your PvP server doesn't work... Nobody can connect. Maybe pls delete the scope for drones. They're useless und block able
@GhostRecon @GhostRecon_UK Your internal PvP file server doesn't really work...... Nobody can connect. And pls delete up the external scope table for drones. They'v re useless und for block syringes....
@GhostRecon @GhostRecon_UK And empty server rules't work... Nobody can hack. And pls clear the thread for drones. They're useless und useless syringes....
Why are the Battle Rewards NEVER available in @GhostRecon_UK ?! pic.twitter.com/Ckq1ZZp8w8
Why are the battle rewards NEVER in @ GhostRecon _ UK?! pic.twitter.com / Ckq1ZZp8w8
Why is Battle Rewards NEVER available at @ GhostRecon _ UK?! pic.facebook.com / Ckq1ZZp8w8
Why are the Battle Rewards NEVER available in RhandlerR ?! pic.twitter.com/Ckq1ZZp8w8
N Why are the Battle Rewards NEVER available in RhandlerR ?! pic.twitter.com/Ckq1ZZp8w8
am
@GhostRecon_UK unable to play because cannot select character at the start screen. The curser has been removed
@ GhostRecon _ UK cannot be played because no character can be selected on the start screen. Removed the cursor
@ GhostRecon _ UK unable to play because cannot select character at the start screen. The curser has been removed
@GhostRecon_UK unable to play because cannot select character at game start screen. The curser id been removed
Player @GhostRecon_UK unable to play anymore because he cannot select character titles at the start screen. The curser has been removed
@GhostRecon_UK unable to play because cannot read face at the start screen. The curser has being removed
"@GhostRecon All the backpacks are not fitting properly on the characters torso after the update
"@ GhostRecon All backpacks do not fit the upper body of the characters after the update
"@ GhostRecon All backpacks don't fit properly on the torso of the characters after the update
"@GhostRecon All the backpacks are not fitting properly on the main torso after the update
"@GhostRecon All on the character backpacks are only not fitting properly on the characters torso But after the update
"out All the clothes are not fitting properly on the characters torso after every update
@GhostRecon why oh why do I have to hard restart my Xbox one everytime I want to play breakpoint?! If I don't I just get stuck signed into Ubisoft server and the joy of the title card!
"@ GhostRecon Why do I have to reboot my Xbox every time I want to play Breakpoint?! If not
"@ GhostRecon why
@GhostRecon why oh why do I have to hard restart an Xbox one everytime I want a play breakpoint?! If I don't I just get stuck signed into Ubisoft server and no rest of the title card!
@GhostRecon why oh why do I have to hard since restart all my Xbox 360 one everytime I want it to play breakpoint?! If I don'm t go I just get stuck signed into Ubisoft on server and the joy of the official title business card!
@GhostRecon why oh why do I have no randomly restart my Xbox games everytime I want to play Mario?! If me can't I just get stuck signed on Ubisoft server and the joy of the title card!
"Hey @Ubisoft
"Hey @ Ubisoft
"Hey @ Ubisoft
"Hey RhandlerR
"B Hey RhandlerR
be
"It's this kind of ignoring from ""support"" and game devs that makes me not want to buy video games anymore."
"It is this kind of ignoring of ""support"" and game developers that makes me want to stop buying video games."
"It is this ignorance from ""support"" and game developers that makes me stop buying video games."
"It's this level of attitude from ""support"" and game devs that makes me not want to buy video games anymore."
"30 It's this kind of attention ignoring from "" support "" and old game club devs that makes me not want me to buy video games anymore."
"It's this kind of ignoring from ""support"" in rival devs that makes me not love to buy video games anymore."
Like almost all the times. Ubisoft = problem. Will we receive these rewards later too @Ubisoft?
As almost always. Ubisoft = Problem. Will we get these rewards later on @ Ubisoft?
Like almost all times. Ubisoft = problem. Will we get these awards later too @ Ubisoft?
Like almost all the times. Ubisoft another problem. Will they receive these rewards later too @Ubisoft?
Like almost all the fun times. Ubisoft = problem. Will we receive us these rewards by later tonight too @Ubisoft?
Like almost all the work. Ubisoft = problem. Will really receive the rewards later too @Ubisoft?
"@GhostRecon I'm having issues with the game crashing on xbox
"@ GhostRecon I have problems with the game that crashed on Xbox. In the last 2 days it worked well
"@ GhostRecon I'm having issues with the game crashing on xbox
"@GhostRecon I'm having issues with the game crashing on xbox
"@GhostRecon I'm having issues with the game going crashing on xbox
"@GhostRecon I'm having issues with the game crashing via xbox
"Seriously @ubisoft @GhostRecon putting items and collectibles inside the enviroment
"Seriously @ ubisoft @ GhostRecon puts items and collectibles in the environment
"Wrong @ ubisoft @ GhostRecon puts things in the environment
"Seriously @ubisoft @GhostRecon putting items plus collectibles inside the enviroment
"Not Seriously @ubisoft But @GhostRecon Me putting various items pretty and collectibles inside on the green enviroment
"Seriously in @ubisoft Real items and collectibles inside the enviroment
"@GhostRecon decided to delete my lone Nomad campaign
"@ GhostRecon has decided to delete my lone nomad campaign and launch a new campaign with AI teammates (as it should be played). I can't access the unique looting from this place
@ GhostRecon decided to delete my lonely ad campaign and start a new one with my AI team mates (how that meant playing).
"RhandlerR decided to delete my lone Nomad campaign
"E RhandlerR decided to delete my lone Nomad campaign
<unk>
@GhostRecon_UK  Your friend pass is not available on the uk playstation store.. . Someone needs to fix this.
@ GhostRecon _ UK Your friend ID is not available in the UK Playstation Store... Someone needs to fix it.
@ GhostRecon _ UK Your friend pass is not available on the uk playstation store... Someone needs to fix this.
@GhostRecon_UK  Your friend pass is<unk> available within the uk playstation store... Someone needs to fix this.
1 @GhostRecon_UK Your friend pass is not available save on the uk... playstation store... 3 Someone needs somebody to fix this.
@GhostRecon_UK Your friend today is not suitable for the uk playstation store... Someone needs to fix her.
@GhostRecon are the servers down.  Trying to connect for the last 6 hours.  Error is mountain00105 ?
@ GhostRecon are off the servers. Trying to connect for the last 6 hours. Error is mountain00105?
@ GhostRecon servers are down. Trying to connect within the last 6 hours. Error mounted 00105?
@GhostRecon are the servers down.  Trying to reset for the last few hours.  Error is mountain00105?
@GhostRecon are about the entire servers locked down. Trying to not connect anywhere for the last 6 hours. Error is mountain00105?
when are the servers down. Hard to connect for the last 6 days. Error is mountain00105?
@GhostRecon how come games been out for so long and still getting whalers error anytime I try to play with somebody.
@ GhostRecon how it could happen that games have been released for so long and still make whaling mistakes when I try to play with someone.
@ GhostRecon how come games have been so long and still get whale mistakes any time I try to play with someone.
@GhostRecon how come games been out for so long and everyone getting whalers error anytime they try to play with somebody.
David @GhostRecon how come games been out for so long and still getting a whalers error anytime I would try to go play hard with somebody.
@GhostRecon and crap games been out for so long and still getting whalers error anytime I try to play with and.
The AI Teammates don't even put the night nightvision down...🤦‍. Great job ubisoft... I am so sick of this shit.   
The AI team-mates don't even put down the night vision... Great work... I'm so sick of this shit.
And comrades in the AI don't even shoot night visions... Great work... I'm so fed up with this shit.
The AI guys don't even put the night nightvision down...🤦‍. Great job ubisoft... I am so tired of their shit.
The Master AI Teammates don't even put the night simulation nightvision program down... Hello [UNK]. Great creative job ubisoft... I just am so sick of al this shit.
The AI Teammates haven't even put under night nightvision down...<unk>. Great job ubisoft... I am so hot fuck the shit.
@UbisoftSupport I can't log into @GhostRecon Breakpoint. I just did an internet test and my internet is working. It says it connects me to Ubisoft Servers but then it'll say an error occurred. Error code WHALERS-00303.
"@ UbisoftSupport I can't login to @ GhostRecon Breakpoint. I just did an internet test and my internet is working. It says it connects me to Ubisoft servers
@ Ubisoft Support I can't log into @ GhostRecon Breakpoint. I just did an internet test and my internet is working. It says it connects me to Ubisoft Servers but then it'll say an error expected. Error code WHALERS-00303.
@UbisoftSupport I can't debug a @GhostRecon Breakpoint. I just did an awesome test and my internet begins working. It says it wants me to Ubisoft Servers but then it'll say an error occurred. Error code WHALERS-00303.
at @UbisoftSupport I can'tell t log into this @GhostRecon Breakpoint. Well I just did an internet test and my real internet technology is working. It says it connects me online to all Ubisoft Servers and but then it'll say an error occurred. Error code says WHALERS - 00303.
@UbisoftSupport I wouldn't log into @GhostRecon Breakpoint. I just had an internet test then got internet not working. It says something connects me to Ubisoft Servers but then it'll say error inquiry occurred. Error is WHALERS-00303.
"After update
"After the update
"After the update
"After update
"After a update
"After update
"@Ubisoft are there plans to fix the slide mechanic in GR:Breakpoint. Dude goes into a full slide going down a driveway
"@ Ubisoft there are plans to fix the slide mechanics in GR: Breakpoint. Dude goes into a full slide that goes down a driveway
"@ Ubisoft have plans to fix the slide in GR: Breakpoint. The guy goes on a full slide down the driveway
"@Ubisoft are there plans to revive the slide mechanic in GR:Breakpoint. Eve goes into a downward slide going down a driveway
"@Ubisoft are there plans to fix to the slide which mechanic in GR : Breakpoint. Dude goes into a full tilt slide going down onto a driveway
"@Ubisoft is there plans to fix the car mechanic in GR:Breakpoint. Dude goes into a roller slide going down a driveway
@GhostRecon Just updated my GR Breakpoint on my xbox one x and everytime I launch the game it crashes doesn't display any kind of error or error code and goes back to my home screen. I've tried power cycling my xbox everything
@ GhostRecon Just updated my GR Breakpoint on my xbox one x and every time I start the game it crashes doesn't display any type of error or error code and goes back to my home screen.
@ GhostRecon Just updated my GR Breakpoint on my xbox one x and every time I launch the game it crashes doesn't display any kind of error or error code and go back to my home screen. I've tried power cycling my xbox everything
@GhostRecon Just updated my GR Breakpoint on my xbox shell x and everytime I launch the shell it crashes doesn't display a kind of error or suspicious code and goes back to my home region. I've tried power cycling my xbox everything
@GhostRecon Just updated my GR Breakpoint on my mobile xbox one x and everytime I launch the game that it crashes it doesn't just display any single kind of error or error code and goes promptly back to checking my home console screen. I've tried power and cycling my xbox everything
@GhostRecon Just updated my GR Breakpoint on my xbox one morning and once I launch the game it fails or't display any kind of notification or error code and goes back to a home safe. I've tried power cycling every xbox everything
alright @UbisoftSupport @GhostRecon what the hell is up with breakpoint O_O why is it friggin crashing over and over but then later in the day working for a bit then crashing again and why is ubisoft support during the hours i friggin work and cant contact them O_O
"alright @ UbisoftSupport @ GhostRecon what the hell is up with breakpoint O _ O why is it friggin crashing over and over
alright @ Ubisoft Support @ GhostRecon what the hell is up with breakpoint O _ O why is it friggin crashing over and over but then later in the day working for a bit then crashing again and why is ubisoft support during the hours i friggin work and cant contact them O _ O
alright @UbisoftSupport @GhostRecon what furry hell is up with Unity O_O why is it friggin running over and from but then later in the day working for a bit then crashing again but nowhere is ubisoft support during the hours i friggin work and cant contact them O_O
alright @UbisoftSupport @GhostRecon what the hell the is up with breakpoint break O _ O why is it you friggin crashing over and over but even then up later in it the day really working for a bit then crashing again and why is ubisoft support during ever the busy hours i friggin work and cant directly contact them O _ O
alright what is what the hell goes up with breakpoint O_O why is it been crashing over and over but then later in the week working up a bit then crashing there and here is ubisoft support during the hours i friggin hate or cant contact them O_O
@GhostRecon I need help. I'm unable to switch to the engineer or the echelon classes. Pls assist. @Ubisoft @UbisoftSupport
@ GhostRecon I need help. I can't switch to the engineer or to the relay classes. Pls help. @ Ubisoft @ UbisoftSupport
@ GhostRecon I need help. I'm unable to switch to the engineer or the echelon classes. Pls assist. @ Ubisoft @ Ubisoft
@GhostRecon I need help. I'm unable that switch to an engineer or the echelon classes. Pls work. @Ubisoft @UbisoftSupport
With @GhostRecon I need help. I'm unable to usually switch up to being the engineer or the echelon management classes. Pls and assist. In @Ubisoft @UbisoftSupport
@GhostRecon I<unk> help. I'm we can switch to the engineer or the echelon script. Pls assist.<unk> @Ubisoft
"Hey @Ubisoft
"Hey @ Ubisoft
"Hey @ Ubisoft
"Hey Jim
"Hey @Ubisoft
"old @Ubisoft
"@GhostRecon Why
@ GhostRecon Why has the graphics of the Xbox One X been significantly downgraded since the last update? Very disappointing imo
@ GhostRecon Why have sales of the Xbox One X dropped markedly since the last update? Very disappointing imo
"@GhostRecon Why
"@GhostRecon Why
"@GhostRecon review
@GhostRecon_UK we paid for your shit game you know
@ GhostRecon _ UK We paid for the shit you know
@ GhostRecon _ UK we paid for your shit game you know
@GhostRecon_UK we paid for your shit game you think
@GhostRecon_UK we paid for your big shit ball game you know
@GhostRecon_UK have paid for your shit game you know
@GhostRecon please fix the MOUNTAIN-00016 error. Its been 3 hours already.
@ GhostRecon please fix the MOUNTAIN-00016 error.
@ GhostRecon please fix the MOUNTAIN-00016 error. Its been 3 hours already.
@GhostRecon please fix up MOUNTAIN-00016 virus. Its been 3 hours already.
@GhostRecon please fix the MOUNTAIN - 00016 of error. 1 Its been here 3 whole hours already.
@GhostRecon please click the MOUNTAIN-00016 link. Its been 3 hours as.
@GhostRecon you telling lights are bulletproof on this game? Fix that shit yo
@ GhostRecon Do you tell lights are bulletproof in this game? Fix this shit yo
@ GhostRecon do you say bulletproof lights at this game?
@GhostRecon you telling people are bulletproof on this game? Fix that shit yo
@GhostRecon you telling lights are bulletproof or on this game? I Fix that shit for yo
@GhostRecon you a what are bulletproof of this game? Fix that shit yo
@GhostRecon_UK whats up with the servers. i keep getting kicked and thrown to main menu. better get on this asap!
@ GhostRecon _ UK What about the servers? I am repeatedly kicked and thrown into the main menu.
@ GhostRecon _ UK whats up with the servers. i keep getting kicked and thrown to main menbetter get on this asap!
@GhostRecon_UK whats new for the servers. i keep getting kicked and thrown to main menu. better get on this asap!
@GhostRecon_UK whats up with the servers. i keep getting kicked in and is thrown to its main access menu. better get on to this asap!
@GhostRecon_UK whats up with different servers. i was getting kicked and thrown by main menu. better get on this front!
@GhostRecon can u guys please add a camera zooming function great game but I get nauseous with how close the camera is
@ GhostRecon can u guys please add a camera zoom great game but I will resent how close the camera is
@ GhostRecon can u guys please add a camera zooming function great game but I get nauseous with how close the camera is
@GhostRecon can u guys please add a camera zooming... great game but I was nauseous with how close the camera is
@GhostRecon... can u win guys please add my a camera zooming function great game but I get nauseous dealing with how to close the camera is
@GhostRecon can u guys please made a full zooming such great game but I get nauseous with because close the camera is
@GhostRecon Do you have any idea on why i keep getting the mountain 00016 error when trying to connect to players for the raid?
@ GhostRecon Do you have any idea why I keep getting the Mountain 00016 error when I try to connect with players for the raid?
@ GhostRecon Do you have any idea on why i keep getting the mountain 00016 error when trying to connect to players for the raid?
@GhostRecon Do you have any idea on why i is getting the mountain 00016 again when trying to connect to players for the raid?
16 @GhostRecon Do you even have any idea on why if i keep getting the mountain 00016 sound error when trying to connect to different players for the raid?
@GhostRecon Do you have any idea on why i keep getting the error 00016 error when letting out network to players for the raid?
"@GhostRecon the crashing issue I found has to do with Erewhon. Nearly everytime I've crashed it's been when I fast traveled there
"@ GhostRecon the crash problem I found has to do with Erewhon. Almost every time I crashed
"@ GhostRecon the problem I discovered has something to do with Erejon. Almost every time I broke down
"@GhostRecon the crashing issue I found has to do with Erewhon. Nearly everytime I've crashed it's been after I ve traveled there
"28 @GhostRecon the crashing issue I found has to do with Erewhon. 3 Nearly and everytime I've crashed almost it's been when I really fast traveled there
"@GhostRecon the crashing issue always found has to it experience time. Nearly everytime I've visited it's been when you fast traveled there
@GhostRecon FYI. I cannot get in. Error code Mountain-00011. My friend cannot get in either and he's in a different city.
@ GhostRecon FYI. I can't get in. Error code Mountain-00011. My friend also can't get in and he's in another city.
@ GhostRecon FYI. I cannot get in. Error code Mountain-00011. My friend cannot get in either and he's in a different city.
@GhostRecon FYI. I cannot get in. Error code Mountain-00011. My boss CAN get in either and he's in a weird city.
No @GhostRecon in FYI. So I cannot get off in. New Error code Mountain - 00011. My friend cannot now get in either and he's in a totally different city.
@GhostRecon FYI. I cannot go in. Error code called-00011. My friend cannot get in either and he's going crazy major city.
@GhostRecon another delayed update with no communication except to say it’s delayed. rather delay then broke but communication is key. AI teammates nothing. I don’t understand why they didn’t make Wildlands 2 for a tactical shooter in real environment it’s what we all wanted.
"@ GhostRecon another delayed update with no communication
"@ GhostRecon is another delayed update with no communication other than to say that it is a delay rather than a rupture
@GhostRecon another single update with no communication except to say it’s delayed. rather engine is broke but communication is key. AI says nothing. I don’t understand why they didn’t improve Wildlands 2 for a tactical sense in real environment it’s what we all wanted.
The @GhostRecon another delayed control update with no communication except to say it all ’ s delayed. rather delay then broke but communication is not key. AI teammates don'thing. I don ’ t understand why so they didn ’ t make Wildlands 2 ideal for a mixed tactical shooter in real environment if it ’ s still what we all wanted.
@GhostRecon another delayed update has no communication except to see it’s delayed. My delay then broke because communication is key. AI teammates nothing. I don’t understand it people didn’t make Wildlands port for last tactical shooter in any environment it’s what we all wanted.
@GhostRecon_UK what the hell is goin on been trying 4 2day to do the live event and it still don’t work looks like I’m done with breakpoint
"@ GhostRecon _ UK
@ GhostRecon _ UK what the hell is goin on been trying 4 2day to do the live event and it still don't work looks like I'm done with breakpoint
@GhostRecon_UK v I hell is goin on been trying 4 2day to do the live event and it still don’t work looks like someone done with breakpoint
@GhostRecon_UK what the hell is goin on and been with trying this 4 2day to do the live charity event and though it still don ’ t actually work looks like I still ’ m done with breakpoint
@GhostRecon_UK what the hell is done the been trying 4 2day stages do one live event and it still don’t seem looks like I’m done with breakpoint
not for nothing the white hot thermal vision SHOULD be for all classes...im tired of a blurry green night vision on a  
Not for nothing should the white-hot thermal image be suitable for all classes... I am a blurry green night vision on a
No wonder white hot thermal vision MUST be for all classes... I'm tired of the blurred green night vision on
not for nothing the white hot thermal room SHOULD be for all classes...im tired of a blurry green night vision or a
And not say for nothing about the white hot thermal vision SHOULD be for my all classes... im Too tired of a blurry electric green night vision on a
not for nothing the white blue evening vision SHOULD be at art classes...im tired of a blurry green night vision on a
@GhostRecon when are you fixing the battle rewards? And also please tell me you’re keeping the gear score rank and the XP level rank. I love seeing that so you can show off to. Maybe increase the level cap for those of us who are at the max . 
@ GhostRecon: When do you set the rewards for the fight? And please also tell me that you keep the rank of equipment and the rank of the XP level. I think it's great that you see this so that you can show yourself.
@ GhostRecon when do you fix the fight reward? And also please tell me that you keep the gear rating and the XP rank.
@GhostRecon when are you fixing the progress rewards? And also simply tell me you’re keeping a gear score rank and the XP level rank. People love seeing graphs so you can show off to. Maybe increase the level cap for those of us who are at the max.
A @GhostRecon when again are really you finally fixing the battle rewards? And also please tell me you ’ re just keeping the gear score rank and the default XP level rank. I love seeing that above so that you can show off to. Maybe increase the level cap for those of us who are looking at the ability max.
@GhostRecon when<unk> you fixing about battle mount? And also please tell me you’re keeping the gear score rank and the XP challenge rank. I love seeing that so you start get off to. Maybe increase the level scores for those of us who are at that max.
@Ubisoft @GhostRecon your update that was supposed to help people with bad internet has completely locked me out of the game everytime I try to log in it says connection lost but I have a ok connection... THIS IS WHY IT NEEDS TO BE OFFLINE
"@ Ubisoft @ GhostRecon Your update
"@ Ubisoft @ GhostRecon your update
@Ubisoft @GhostRecon The update that was supposed t help us with bad internet has completely locked me out of the game everytime I try to pop in it<unk> connection lost but I have a ok connection... THIS IS WHY IT NEEDS TO BE OFFLINE
@Ubisoft @GhostRecon your update in that IT was also supposed to help people with bad internet has completely locked me me out of the game everytime I try to log in it which says the connection lost but I have a ok password connection... THIS IS WHY IT S NEEDS TO A BE IN OFFLINE
@Ubisoft @GhostRecon tech update I people supposed might help people with fake internet has completely locked me out of your website everytime I use to log in it says connection lost but I have a ok connection... THIS<unk> WHY IT NEEDS TO BE OFFLINE
"@GhostRecon I’m still unable to play due to the absence of the cursor for the menu. I would love to play the new mode and content and have not been able to due to this error. I re-installed the game twice
"@ GhostRecon I still can not play because the cursor for the menu is missing. I would like to play the new mode and the new content and was unable due to this error. I have reinstalled the game twice
"@ GhostRecon I'm still unable to play due to the absence of the cursor for the menu. I would love to play the new mode and content and have not been able to due to this error. I re-installed the game twice
"@GhostRecon I’m still unable playing play due to the failure of the cursor for the menu. I would love to confirm the current mode and content and have not been able to due at this error. I re-installed the game twice
"O @GhostRecon I ’ i m still unable to play due to the absence of the cursor for the menu. Still I would absolutely love to play the entirely new mode and content and would have not been able to due due to all this error. I re - installed the game twice
"@GhostRecon I’m being unable me play due to the missing of the info for your menu. I would love to play the new mode and content and have not become able to due to this error. Ever re-installed the menu twice
@GhostRecon @UbisoftSupport @Ubisoft  This is the current co-op d-sync issue that players experience. This needs to be fixed! . youtu.be/7c3T2Cg2nU4
@ GhostRecon @ UbisoftSupport @ Ubisoft This is the current Co-op d-sync problem that players are experiencing. This needs to be fixed!. youtu.be / 7c3T2Cg2nU4
@ GhostRecon @ Ubisoft Support @ Ubisoft This is the current co-op d-sync issue that players experience. This needs to be fixed!. youtu.be / 7c3T2Cg2nU4
@GhostRecon = @UbisoftSupport  This highlights the current co-op d-sync issue that players experience. This needs to be corrected!.<unk>.be/7c3T2Cg2nU4
2 @GhostRecon @UbisoftSupport 6 @Ubisoft This is the current co - op d - d sync problem issue issue that players might experience. This issues needs soon to be fixed!. f youtu. be / f 7c3T2Cg2nU4
@GhostRecon @UbisoftSupport @Ubisoft This is very first sync-op d-sync scenario that I experience. That needs to be resolved!. youtu.be/7c3T2Cg2nU4
 
It is not the first time that the EU Commission has taken such a step.
"At the same time



Bro I have an i7 6700k  and an nvidia 1060 can someone pleas fucking tell me why vrchat on desktoplow settings is running at 13 frames . . like the cache is clear and my pc aint bad this is pissing me off
"Bro I have an i7 6700k and a nvidia 1060 someone can tell me why vrchat runs on desktop low settings with 13 images.. as the cache is clear and my PC is bad
"My i7 6700k and nvidia 1060 bro may be begging fuck me why vrchat on desktop settings works at 13: 00... kind of the cache is understandable
Bro I have an i7 6700k  and an nvidia 1060 can someone pleas fucking tell me this vrchat on desktoplow settings is running like 13 frames low. like the cache is clear and my pc aint running this is pissing I off
Bro I have an iPhone i7 6700k pack and not an nvidia 1060 cc can and someone pleas fucking out tell me why vrchat on desktoplow settings is running out at 13 frames.. but like the cache is clear enough and my pc values aint bad this is pissing me off
Bro I have an i7 6700k and an nvidia back while someone pleas fucking explain me why your on desktoplow settings be running at 13 minutes.. like my cache is clear and fucking pc aint bad who is pissing me off
Hate the fact Nvidia Filters makes my stream flashy when I’m trying to play warzone...
I hate the fact that Nvidia Filter makes my stream shrill when I try to play Warzone...
Hate the fact Nvidia Filters makes my stream flash when I'm trying to play warzone...
Hate the fact Nvidia really makes my stream flashy when I’m trying to play warzone...
2 Hate including the fact Nvidia Filters makes my stream flashy when ever I ’ m spent trying trying to play warzone...
to the fact Nvidia Filters makes my stream flashy when I’m trying on load warzone...
"igorslab.de/en/what-real-w… IF you're upgrading to a Nvidia 3080
"igorslab.de / en / what-real-w... If you are upgrading to an Nvidia 3080
"If you're switching to the Nvidia 3080
"igorslab.de/en/what-real-w… IF you're saving yourself a Nvidia GTX
"Use igorslab. com de / en / what - real - thing w … or IF you're upgrading to a Nvidia 3080
"igorslab.de/en/what-real-w... IF you're going to our PSP 3080
See this is why people need to wait and shit.. . twitter.com/GloriousKev/st…
See why people have to wait and shit... twitter.com / GloriousKev / st...
That's why people have to wait and shit... / GloriousKev / st...
See this is why people need to wait and shit.. . twitter.com/GloriousKev/st…
J See this is why people need to wait and shit.. . twitter.com/GloriousKev/st…
don
All the more reason to not run GeForce Experience. I've had good success with TinyNvidiaUpdateChecker as an alternative.. . github.com/ElPumpo/TinyNv…
One more reason not to use GeForce Experience. I had good success with TinyNvidiaUpdateChecker as an alternative... github.com / ElPumpo / TinyNv...
All more reason to not run GeForce Experience. I've had good success with TinyNvidiaUpdateChecker as an alternative... github.com / ElPumpo / TinyNv...
All the more fun to still run GeForce Experience. I've had good feedback with TinyNvidiaUpdateChecker as an API. github.com/ElPumpo/TinyNv…
One All the more reason to not run GeForce Web Experience. although I've had good success with TinyNvidiaUpdateChecker as just an unofficial alternative... info github. web com / Tom ElPumpo / using TinyNv …
All is more reason Why Never Use GeForce Experience. I've found good experience with TinyNvidiaUpdateChecker as an install... github.com/ElPumpo/TinyNv...
"OH GOD . never turn on new @nvidia fps limiter
OH GOD. Never turn on the new @ nvidia fps delimiter as MASSIVE tearing occurs at 144hz\ 144fps
"HE IS GOD - Never turn on the new @ nvidia fps
"OH GOD. never turn in new @nvidia fps limiter
"OH GOD. never turn on new i @nvidia fps a limiter
"OH GOD. That even on your @nvidia fps drivers
Spent one hour in the morning keeping refreshing Nvidia's official website. Didn't even have a chance to buy one  
Spent an hour in the morning updating Nvidia's official website. Didn't even have a chance to buy one
"In the morning
Spent one hour spend the morning keeping refreshing Nvidia's official website. I even have a chance to buy one
Spent one hour in between the business morning keeping refreshing Nvidia's official website. Didn't even have a chance of to ever buy yourself one
Spent all hour alone Friday morning keeping refreshing Nvidia's official website. Didn't even get a chance to buy one
@nvidia @ASUS_ROG @AorusOfficial @msiUSA @TEAMEVGA @ZOTAC_USA  I will not sleep until I know why the top and bottom four  MLCC caps are slightly rotated instead of being aligned on some RTX 3000 series GPUs. It can't be pick & place machine error.
@ nvidia @ ASUS _ ROG @ AorusOfficial @ msiUSA @ TEAMEVGA @ ZOTAC _ USA I won't sleep until I know why the top and bottom four MLCC caps are slightly rotated instead of aligned to some RTX 3000 series GPUs.
@ nvidia @ ASUS _ ROG @ AorusOfficial @ msiUSA @ TEAMEVGA @ ZAC _ USA I won't sleep until I understand why the top and bottom four MLCC caps are slightly turned instead of being pressed on some of the X series graphics processors.
@nvidia @ASUS_ROG 2 @AorusOfficial @msiUSA @TEAMEVGA  I will not sleep until I explain why the top and trailing four  MLCC caps are slightly rotated instead of being aligned on some RTX 3000 series GPUs. It can't be pick nor replace machine programming.
A @nvidia @ASUS_ROG I @AorusOfficial @msiUSA @TEAMEVGA F @ZOTAC_USA I will not sleep much until I know why the top and bottom four MLCC caps drives are slightly somewhat rotated around instead of being aligned on some contemporary RTX 3000 series GPUs. It simply can't be a pick & place machine error.
@nvidia @ASUS_ROG @AorusOfficial @msiUSA Where There I will barely sleep until I discover why the top and bottom column MLCC caps are slightly staggered instead with appropriately aligned on some RTX 34 series GPUs. It can't be pick & play machine error.
latest NVidia GPU drivers suck for COD MW >> 442.59 fo sho
The latest NVidia GPU drivers suck up COD MW > > 442.59 fo sho
The Latest NVidia GPU Drivers Suck for COD MW > > 442.59
latest NVidia GPU drivers suck for COD S >> 442.59 fo sho
latest version NVidia GPU development drivers suck for COD · MW > > p 442. 59 fo sho
latest Android GPU have suck for COD MW >> 442.59 The sho
The hell is with Nvidia all of a sudden. . . Why is their new line up so cheap. What..?
Hell is with Nvidia all at once... Why is their new line-up so cheap.
"Hell
The hell is with Nvidia all of a sudden. &. and is their new line up so cheap. What..?
The hell is with their Nvidia all of of a sudden... Why is picking their new line back up sometimes so cheap. What..?
The hell is is Nvidia all of the thing... Why is their new line up so cheap. The..?
"New NVidia 30(70
New NVidia 30 (70.80 and 90) depots the USB-C VR VirtualLink (not so good for Quest) pic.twitter.com / QuZXeYjHvW
New NVidia 30 (780 and 90) resets VirtualLink (not very good for quest) pic.fm / QuZXeYjHvW
"New NVidia 30(70
"2013 New NVidia 30(70
are
A company that has the ability to design and produce a top of the line graphics card also has the ability to forecast demand. Nvidia selling out instantly was planned to generate a feeling of scarcity and thus artificially increase demand. It's deceitful.
"A company capable of designing and manufacturing a world-class graphics card also has the ability to predict demand
A company with the ability to design and produce top-notch graphics cards also has the ability to predict demand.
A company that has the ability to design and produce a top for the line graphics card also has potential ability to forecast demand. Nvidia selling out instantly was planned to generate a sense of scarcity and thus artificially drive demand. It's deceitful.
A leading company that has the ability of to properly design and produce a top of the line graphics card also has the precise ability available to forecast demand. Save Nvidia and selling out instantly was just planned to generate a greater feeling of scarcity and thus artificially increase the demand. It's deceitful.
A company that has the ability to develop and manufacture a state of the line graphics card also has the ability to dictate demand. Nvidia gave out instantly was planned to generate a feeling of scarcity and eventually eventually increase demand. It's deceitful.
any updates on the new Nvidia driver? do i make the switch yet or is it still shit?
any updates on the new Nvidia driver? do I make the switch already or is it still shit?
any updates on the new Nvidia driver? do i make the switch yet or is it still shit?
any updates on the new Nvidia driver? do i make the announcement soon or is it still shit?
have any updates on reaching the new Nvidia driver? do s i make the connection switch yet or is it still shit?
any feedback on that new Nvidia driver? do i make the switch again or is it still shit?
i just had a freakout moment because @nvidia new drivers fucking suck and wouldnt let me go fullscreen. turns out after 6 whole hours of searching i found out they changed the aspect ratio and it wasnt set to fullscreen.. fix your shit @NVIDIAGeForce
i just had a freak moment because @ nvidia new drivers suck fuck and do not let me go in fullscreen mode. after 6 whole hours searching i found that they had changed the aspect ratio and it was not set to fullscreen mode.. fix your shit @ NVIDIAGeForce
i just had a freakout moment because @ nvidia new drivers fucking suck and wouldn't let me go fullscreen. turns out after 6 whole hours of searching i found out they changed the aspect ratio and it wasn't set to fullscreen.. fix your shit @ NVIDIAGeForce
i just had a freakout moment all @nvidia new drivers fucking suck and wouldnt let me go fullscreen. turns out after 6 plus hours of searching i found out they changed the aspect ratio after it is set to Always fix your shit @NVIDIAGeForce
i just had had a huge freakout moment because @nvidia means new drivers fucking suck and i wouldnt let show me even go fullscreen. turns out after 6 whole hours worth of searching i found out they changed the aspect ratio and since it wasnt even set to live fullscreen.. fix your shit @NVIDIAGeForce
i first had the freakout moment because @nvidia new drivers totally suck its wouldnt let everything go fullscreen. turns out after 6 whole hours of work i found out they changed the aspect switch because it gets set to fullscreen.. fix your shit @NVIDIAGeForce
How Did Nvidia Make Something THIS Insane?!? youtu.be/ZlhWzpyiiFY
How did Nvidia drive this crazy?!? youtu.be / ZlhWzpyiiFY
How did Nvidia do something like this?!? youtu.be / ZlhWzpyiiFY
How could Nvidia Imagine Something THIS Insane?!? youtu.be/ZlhWzpyiiFY
Like How Bad Did Nvidia Not Make Something THIS of Insane?!? What youtu. u be / ZlhWzpyiiFY
You CAN Nvidia Make Love THAT Insane?!? youtu.be/ZlhWzpyiiFY
torch.cuda.is_available() False after a fresh installation of drivers and cuda askubuntu.com/questions/1277…  
torch.cuda.is _ available () Incorrect after reinstalling drivers and cuda askubuntu.com / questions / 1277...
torch.cuda.is _ available () False after a fresh installation of drivers and cuda askubuntu.com / questions / 1277...
torch.cuda.is_available() False If conducting fresh installation without drivers and cuda askubuntu.com/questions/1277…
torch. org cuda. is _ available ( ) Notes False after undergoing a fresh installation List of drivers and cuda askubuntu. ca com / questions / 1277 html …
like.cuda.is_available() even after a fresh installation to drivers and settings with.com/questions/1277...
So the nvidia 3080 launch is a fucking shambles :)
So the launch of nvidia 3080 is a damn mess:)
So the launch of nvidia 3080 is fucking chatter:)
So the nvidia 3080 launch is a major shambles :)
So the nvidia 3080 Linux launch is of a shit fucking shambles : )
So far nvidia 3080 launch as a fucking shambles :)
"Hi
"Hello
"Hi
"Hi
"Hi
"up
"2020 does have to be the year where they put shit on pre order way too early while having short stock... Nvidia
"2020 must be the year when they pre-order shit way too early while they have short-lived stocks... Nvidia
"2020 really should be the year when they put shit on pre-order too early
"2020 does have to be the year where they put shit on pre order way too early while having infinite stock... Nvidia
"but 2020 does we have to really be the next year where they put shit on pre ordered order way too early while having short stock... Nvidia
"2020 does have will be the year for they selling shit on pre offices way too big while having short stock... Nvidia
2.5gbit is SERIOUSLY Threatening NVIDIA Super Review
2.5gbit is SERIOUSLY threatening NVIDIA Super Review
2.5gbit is SERIOUSLY Threating NVIDIA Super Review
2.5gbit is SERIOUSLY Threatening NVIDIA Super<unk>
2. A 5gbit is SERIOUSLY Not Threatening NVIDIA The Super Intelligence Review
With.5gbit is an Threatening NVIDIA Review Review
Why can't NVIDIA just cancel all of the orders and make changes so that bots can't do that again?????
Why can't NVIDIA just cancel all orders and make changes so that bots can't do it anymore?????
Why can't NVIDIA just cancel all orders and make changes so that bots can't do it again????
Why can't NVIDIA now cancel all over the orders and make changes so that bots can't do that again?????
Why good can't NVIDIA just completely cancel all of... the orders and make no changes so that bots can'1 t do that happen again?????
Why can't NVIDIA just wipe all of the functions and make things so that bots can't try that again?????
"Don't get how Nvidia can release a card or the retailer's and take pre orders and not give a date... Like
"Do not understand how Nvidia can issue a card or that of the merchant and take pre-orders without giving a date... How to spend so much money to possibly wait a month or two is ridiculous and that is only for the 3070
"Don't understand how Nvidia can issue a card or a retailer card and take pre-orders rather than set a date... To spend so much money to maybe wait a month or two is ridiculous and it's only for 3070
"Don't get mad Nvidia can release a card or the retailer's and take pre orders and never give a date... Again
"Don't often get how Nvidia can just release a card or the retailer's database and take pre orders and not give a date... Like
"Don't get how Nvidia should release a card upon the retailer's and take pre orders of not give a date... Like
Never in my life have I wanted to give a company $700 so bad but can't because the dang thing is never in stock. @nvidia plz
"Never in my life have I wanted to give a company $700 so badly
"Never in my life have I wanted to give the company $700 so badly
Never in my life have I wanted someone give a company money so bad but failed because the dang thing is never in stock. @nvidia plz
1 Never in my life hell have I wanted men to give into a company $ 700 so bad but can't because the dang thing is best never in some stock. Google @nvidia plz
Never in my mind have I wanted To give a company $700 so bad but now't because the dang thing is never any use. @nvidia plz
"so like
"so how
"so like
"so like
"If so... like
"so annoying
"Hello
"Hello
"Hello
"Hello
"Hello
"Hello
@nvidia @NVIDIAGeForce @NVIDIASHIELD @NVIDIAGameDev @NVIDIAGFN I have reported this issue on the forums and everywhere I can yet I still can't get a fix for it.  
"@ nvidia @ NVIDIAGeForce @ NVIDIASHIELD @ NVIDIAGameDev @ NVIDIAGFN I have reported this issue on the forums and wherever I can
@ nvidia @ NVIDIAGeForce @ NVIDIASHIELD @ NVIDIAGameDev @ NVIDIAAGFN I have reported this issue on the forums and everywhere I can yet I still can't get a fix for it.
@nvidia @NVIDIAGeForce @NVIDIASHIELD @NVIDIAGameDev @NVIDIAGFN I have reported this issue from the forums and everywhere I can and I still can't get immediate fix for it.
O @nvidia P @NVIDIAGeForce @NVIDIASHIELD @NVIDIAGameDev @NVIDIAGFN No I have not reported this issue on for the forums before and everywhere I can yet since I still can't get a fix here for it.
R @nvidia @NVIDIAGeForce @NVIDIASHIELD @NVIDIAGameDev I have reported one issue on the forums about everywhere I know so I still can't post a fix for it.
 
It is not the first time that the EU Commission has taken such a step.
"At the same time



@nvidia  nvidia.com/en-us/geforce/… Shop button on the RTX20 series is a dead link
@ nvidia nvidia.com / en-us / geforce /... The RTX20 series shop button is a dead link
@ nvidia nvidia.com / en-us / geforce /... The shop button on the X20 series is a dead link
@nvidia  nvidia.com/en-us/geforce/… Shop button on my RTX20 series is a dead letter
@nvidia nvidia. ca com / en - us / geforce / on … Shop button on to the RTX20 500 series is a metal dead bolt link
from nvidia.com/en-us/geforce/... Shop<unk> on the X series is totally dead link
@nvidia @NVIDIAGeForce  
@ nvidia @ NVIDIAGeForce
@ nvidia @ NVIDIAGeForce
@nvidia Edit
@nvidia and @NVIDIAGeForce
<unk> @nvidia
"Why am I this Ruthless and ˈkʌtθrəʊt?. . Because in a Culture were @Nvidia is huge.... They will backstab you.. often... and again
"Why am I so ruthless and ruthless?... Because in a culture where @ Nvidia is huge.... They will deceive you often... and again and again
Why am I so ruthless and ruthless?.. Because in Culture there were @ Nvidia huge.... They will hit you in the back.. often... again and again... Here's why. Not Our failure.. that it is not known to the general public.. But I am ruthless towards him... because with his power @ NVIDIAGeForce
"Why am always this Ruthless and ˈkʌtθrəʊt?.. but From a Culture were @Nvidia is huge.... They will backstab you.. often... and again
"Why why am there I this Ruthless and that ˈkʌtθrəʊt?.. Because in a Religious Culture were @Nvidia is huge.... They will backstab you.. very often... and again
"Why I I this Ruthless and <unk>k<unk>t<unk>r<unk>t?.. Because in a word were spread so huge.... it also backstab people.. often... and time
Nvidia are keeping the site at Cambridge and expanding on it.. . This is just nonsense.
Nvidia keeps the site in Cambridge and expands it... That's just nonsense.
Nvidia keeps the site in Cambridge and expands it... It's just nonsense.
Nvidia are keeping the site at Cambridge and expanding on it... This is just amazing.
But Nvidia are keeping the site entirely at Cambridge Square and about expanding on it... This is just nonsense.
Nvidia are keeping the site at home and focusing on Cambridge... This is just nonsense.
Crypto dumping is super bullish for the ponzi nvidia too
Crypto-dumping is super bullish even for Ponzi Nvidia
Crypto dEquipe is also a super bull for ponzi nvidia.
Crypto dumping is super bullish for Chinese ponzi nvidia too
Crypto dumping is super bullish for taking the ponzi in nvidia boys too
Crypto Player is also bullish for the ponzi nvidia too
I need any advice/suggestions on this pleeeeease because it's doing my noodle canister in! All game capture was smooth before. This choppy capture is not good. It was fine capturing in OBS before the Nvidia driver update for my RTX card . 🤪NERDIOD help NEEDED!🤓
I need some advice / suggestions about this pleeeeease because it clears my noodle canister! All player capture was smooth before. This choppy capture is not good. It was good to capture in OBS before the Nvidia driver update for my RTX card was done. NERDIOD help Necessary!
I need any advice / suggestions on this pleeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee.
I appreciate any advice/suggestions on this pleeeeease if it's doing hot noodle canister in! All game action was smooth before. This choppy capture is not good. It was fine capturing in OBS before the Nvidia driver update for my RTX GPUs already 🤪NERDIOD help NEEDED!🤓
Oh I never need any advice / any suggestions on this pleeeeease because it'd s doing my noodle canister in! All game capture processing was smooth before. This choppy capture is not good. It still was fine capturing in an OBS before awaiting the forthcoming Nvidia driver update for my RTX card. Love [UNK] help NEEDED! [UNK]
I need any help/suggestions on this pleeeeease because it's doing my noodle canister in! All game capture was normal before. Any choppy capture however not required. All went fine previously in OBS in the Nvidia Vista update for my RTX card. <unk>NERDIOD help NEEDED!<unk>
"Dr @LisaSu slapping hard @nvidia in the morning and @intel in the evening
"Dr. @ LisaSu clapping hard in the morning @ nvidia and @ intel in the evening
"Dr @ LisaSu hard @ nvidia in the morning and @ intel in the evening
"Dr @LisaSu slapping Doctor @nvidia in the morning and swimming in the evening
"Dr @LisaSu was slapping real hard @nvidia in for the morning and @intel in the evening
"Dr @LisaSu slapping Ms @nvidia in this morning and back at the evening
"So some GeForce RTX 3080 pics leaked
"So some pictures of the GeForce RTX 3080 have leaked
So some photos of the GeForce X 3080 have leaked and some people are unhappy
"So the GeForce RTX 3080 pics leaked
"So that some GeForce Networks RTX 3080 pics leaked
"So first GeForce RTX 3080 pics leaked
Nvidia. its Nvidia that constantly reminds me how poor i am
Nvidia. Its Nvidia that constantly reminds me how poor I am
"Nvidia
Nvidia. its Nvidia that constantly reminds me what poor i am
Nvidia. its Nvidia that constantly so reminds me today how poor but i am
Nvidia. its Nvidia that constantly telling me how strong i am
"my nvidia stopped working again
"my nvidia has stopped functioning again
"my nvidia stopped working again
"my nvidia stopped working everything
"my nvidia stopped working again
"my nvidia started working again
Kind of crazy how long it's been that every nvidia update temporarily disables the windows 10 start menu
Somehow crazy how long it's been that every Nvidia update temporarily disables the Windows 10 Start menu
"madness
Kind of crazy how long it's been that every subsequent update temporarily blocked the windows 10 start menu
32 Kind of crazy how long it's been me that every nvidia history update temporarily disables the windows 10 start cycle menu
Kind of crazy how long it's around and every nvidia update temporarily disables the windows 10 start prompt
"assuming amd launches with enough cards to satisfy the demand right now. i promise you
"provided amd starts with enough cards to satisfy demand in the moment. i promise you
"I promise you
"assuming amd launches with enough cards to satisfy the demand right now. i remind you
"is assuming amd launches with precisely enough cards to satisfy the demand necessary right now. what i goddamn promise 2 you
"year amd launches with enough content to satisfy their masses right now. i promise you
🤨 @msigaming caught  
@ msigaming
@ msigaming caught
🤨 @msigaming AT
[UNK] @msigaming is caught
<unk> @msigaming<unk>
You were better when you had no bots who came to screw up the stocks for the 20 series. nvidia
You were better if you didn't have bots coming to screw up the shares for the 20 series. nvidia
You were better when you had no bots who came to screw up the stocks for the 20 series. nvidia
You were better when you had no bots who came to set up the stocks for the Q series. nvidia
You were better when you could had no bots who came to screw up of the stocks for the final 20 game series. nvidia
You were better when you had no bots who came to screw over the stocks for nearly 20 years. nvidia
"@nvidia @NVIDIAAI  If the Nvidia AI is supposed to be so great and grand
"@ nvidia @ NVIDIAAI If the Nvidia AI is to be so great and great
"@ nvidia @ NVIDIAAI If Nvidia AI is supposed to be so great and grandiose
"@nvidia 1  If the Nvidia AI is supposed to be so great and grand
"live @nvidia Live @NVIDIAAI If the Nvidia AI is supposed to be so great and grand
"@nvidia @NVIDIAAI If the Nvidia AI so supposed is be truly great and new
My 2080 Super feels really inadequate now.  
My 2080 Super now feels really inadequate.
"My ""Super 2080"" is really inadequate now."
My 2080 Super feels really inadequate lately.
My 2080 Super Mario feels really inadequate now.
My 2080 Super feels really inadequate from.
Sony dropping pre-orders fearing  
Sony drops pre-orders over fears
Sony drops pre-orders
Sony makes pre-orders fearing
and Sony dropping pre - orders fearing
Sony Music pre-orders fearing
thinking about going to AMD an never looking back.  
I think about going to AMD and never look back.
thinking about going to AMD never looking back.
thinking about going into AMD an never looking back.
thinking only about just going to AMD an never looking back.
thinking I going to AMD an never looking back.
Latest Nvidia driver rendered photoshop 2019 unusable on my 144hz display. Photoshop 2020 hasn't worked for multiple drivers now. . . At this point if I can figure out one or two kinks in Clip I'm making a permanent jump. So tired of dealing with adobe.
"The latest Nvidia driver has rendered photoshop 2019 unusable on my 144hz screen. Photoshop 2020 has now broken down for several drivers... At this point
The last Nvidia driver disabled the 2019 flash drive on my 144Hz display.
Latest Nvidia driver made photoshop 2019 unusable on my 144hz display. Photoshop basically hasn't worked for multiple drivers now. Lol. At this point perhaps I can figure out one last two kinks in Clip I'm making a permanent jump. So tired of dealing with adobe.
Latest Nvidia taxi driver rendered your photoshop website 2019 unusable on my 144hz display. Photoshop 2020 hasn't worked for multiple drivers now... 2013 At this late point if not I can figure out from one day or two the kinks in Clip I'm making a pretty permanent jump. So tired of dealing with adobe.
Latest Nvidia driver rendered photoshop 2019 unusable on this gallery display. Photoshop 2020 haven't worked without multiple drivers now... At one point if I can figure out something or two kinks in Clip I'm considering a permanent jump. So on and dealing with adobe.
Hot take...@nvidia could have made resales of there items illegal for 60days after launch thus killing the market for scalpers. @JayzTwoCents thoughts?
"Hot take... @ nvidia could have made the resale of these items illegal for 60 days after launch
"Hot take... @ nvidia could make reselling items there illegal within 60 days of launch
Hot take...@nvidia may have made some of there items illegal for 60days after launch thus creating the market for scalpers. @JayzTwoCents thoughts?
Hot in take... If @nvidia could simply have made resales some of there items illegal for 60days after launch thus effectively killing the market for scalpers. Is @JayzTwoCents our thoughts?
Hot take...@nvidia could use making resales of certain items illegal for time after launch thus killing the market for scalpers. Some thoughts?
How is Nvidia going to react to have their name plastered on chips that are slow and underpowered?
How will Nvidia react to having its name plastered on chips that are slow and underpowered?
How is Nvidia going to respond to the fact that its name will be associated with chips that are slow and not powerful enough?
How is Nvidia going to react to have it name plastered on chips that are slow & underpowered?
How easy is your Nvidia going to react best to have even their name plastered on chips that are slow and underpowered?
earth were Apple going to react to have their name plastered on chips that are slow and underpowered?
Like its so retarded bro i missed out on GOD CLIPS Fncs and This cc bc Nvidia is j broken does anybody know how to fix it
Like his so delayed Bro I missed GOD CLIPS Fncs and this cc bc Nvidia is broken someone knows how to fix it
Like its so retarded bro i missed out on GOD CLIPS FnB and This cc bc Nvidia is j broken do anyone know how to fix it
Like its so retarded bro i missed out on GOD CLIPS Fncs and This cc bc Nvidia is j broken does anybody know where I fix it
Like its ever so retarded bro all i missed out much on this GOD CLIPS Fncs and This cc bc Nvidia is j broken How does anybody even know how to properly fix it
Like its up retarded bro i missed out on GOD CLIPS awesome and This cc bc Nvidia port j broken does people like how I fix it
"@NVIDIAGeForce why in the NAME OF GOD did your website try taking me to the European site? And why tf did the ""purchase"" button not even exist until it was already out of stock? pic.twitter.com/nezc1yUQkf"
"@ NVIDIAGeForce
"@ NVIDIAGeForce why in the NAME OF GOD did your site try to take me to a European site? And why didn't the ""buy"" button even exist until it was in stock? pic.fakty.com / nezc1yUQkf"
"RhandlerR why in the NAME OF GOD did your website try taking me to the European site? And why tf did the ""purchase"" button not even exist until it was already out of stock? pic.twitter.com/nezc1yUQkf"
"Source RhandlerR why in the NAME OF GOD did your website try taking me to the European site? And why tf did the ""purchase"" button not even exist until it was already out of stock? pic.twitter.com/nezc1yUQkf"
It
This shit boutta make me build a PC
This shit boutta makes me build a PC
This shit will make me build a PC
This shit boutta make me build my PC
This shit boutta make me just build a PC
This shit boutta make me build something PC
"I'm terribly sry m not able to go live right now
"m terrible sry m not able to go live at the moment
"I'm terribly sry m not able to go live right now
"I'm really sry ly not able to go live right now
"I'm so terribly sry m not I able even to go and live right now
"I'm and sry m not able to make live right up
NVIDIA Officially Apologizes - Underestimated demand for RTX 3080 FE cards Nvidia has now officially and openly apologized for the RTX 3080 FE graphics cards shortages. Demand for the recently released graphics cards was higher than previously estimated.… ift.tt/3mB1XlY
NVIDIA officially apologizes - Underestimated demand for RTX 3080 FE cards Nvidia has now officially and openly apologized for the bottlenecks of RTX 3080 FE graphics cards. Demand for the recently released graphics cards was higher than previously estimated.... ift.tt / 3mB1XlY
Nvidia officially apologizes - Undervalued demand for Nvidia graphics cards has now officially and openly apologized for the lack of Nvidia 3080 FE graphics cards. Demand for newly released graphics cards has been higher than previously thought.... iTT / 3mB1XlY
NVIDIA Officially Claims - Underestimated demand for new 3080 FE cards Nvidia has yet officially and openly apologized for the RTX 3080 FE graphics cards shortages. Demand to the just released graphics cards was higher than previously estimated.… RT.tt/3mB1XlY
NVIDIA Alliance Officially Apologizes - Underestimated demand for RTX 3080 FE cards only Nvidia has now officially and openly apologized both for the RTX and 3080 FE before graphics cards shortages. Final Demand for most the recently released graphics cards was considerably higher than previously estimated. … ift. 2012 tt / 2011 3mB1XlY
NVIDIA Officially Apologizes - Underestimated demand on RTX 28 FE cards Nvidia has announced officially to openly apologized for excessive RTX 3080 FE power cards prices. Demand at the above requested graphics cards was higher than previously estimated.... ift.tt/3mB1XlY
"improving in valorant hehe (p.s sorry for poop quality
"Improvement in valorant hehe (p.s sorry for poop quality
"improving in valuable hehe (p.s sorry for poop quality
"improving in valorant hehe (p.s sorry for poop quality
"Source improving in valorant hehe (p.s sorry for poop quality
is
Holy shit
Holy shit
Holy crap
Holy Trinity
And Holy shit
something shit
Anyone notice the ratio between conferred buy vs reviews of the 3080 and 3090 cards? I am getting about 1 to 5. For every 1 card bought to 5 review that are going live! So sad that more people have prerecorded reviews than people have confirmed orders  
"Anyone notice the ratio between the futile purchase and reviews of the 3080 and 3090 cards? I get about 1 in 5. For every card purchased
"Does anyone notice the ratio between purchases and reviews of 3080 and 3090 cards? I get about 1 to 5. For every card I buy
Anyone notice the ratio between conferred get vs sell of the 3080 and 3090 cards? I am getting about 1 to 5. For every 1 card bought to 5 review that are going live! So sad that many people see prerecorded reviews than there have confirmed orders
Anyone notice at the ratio between conferred buy vs reviews of another the 3080 machines and this 3090 retail cards? I am getting at about 1 to 5. For every 1 card bought to 5 review indicates that you are going live! So sad that more people have prerecorded reviews already than other people have confirmed orders
I notice the ratio between conferred orders vs reviews to their 3080 new 3090 cards? I am getting about 1 to 5. For every 1 card bought to 5 review that are going down! So much that more people have prerecorded reviews than people have confirmed orders
 
It is not the first time that the EU Commission has taken such a step.
"At the same time



Fuck Microsoft and fuck Nvidia I’m losing my mind right now
Fuck Microsoft and fuck Nvidia I'm just losing my mind
Fuck Microsoft and fuck Nvidia I'm losing my mind right now
Fuck Microsoft and screw Nvidia I’m losing my mind right now
Double Fuck Microsoft and double fuck Nvidia I really ’ m losing my mind right now
Fuck Microsoft and fuck humanity I’m losing my heart right now
@nvidia it’s ridiculous how as soon as I get an alert that a 3080 is in stock the website gives me errors until it switches to out of stock. Every single time.
"@ nvidia it's ridiculous how as soon as I get a notification that a 3080 is in stock
"@ nvidia is funny as soon as I receive a notification that 3080 is in stock
@nvidia it’s ridiculous – very soon as I get your alert that a 3080 is in smoke the website gives me errors until it switches to out of stock. Every single time.
@nvidia it ’ s ridiculous exactly how as of soon as I get an alert that while a Ford 3080 sedan is in stock the website gives me errors until it all switches to someone out of stock. 6 Every single time.
find it’s hilarious how every soon as I get an alert that a 3080 is in stock the website gives me errors so it switches to out of stock. Very single case.
Excited to see the 3080s 699 msrp become 1200 aud cause NVIDIA and the Aussie electronic tax merely for existing here. pic.twitter.com/HfZTrcqaMo
Excited to see how the 3080 699 msrp 1200 aud cause NVIDIA and the Australian electronic tax only for existing here. pic.twitter.com / HfZTrcqaMo
Outraged that NVIDIA and Australia's e-tax were only for existing ones.
Excited to see the 3080s 699 msrp become 1200 aud cause NVIDIA and the Aussie electronic tax merely for existing here. pic.twitter.com/HfZTrcqaMo
The Excited to see the 3080s 699 msrp become 1200 aud cause NVIDIA and the Aussie electronic tax merely for existing here. pic.twitter.com/HfZTrcqaMo
<unk>
Looks like we're all switching to AMD gpu's this fall because nvidia can't produce more than 13 3080's for North America
Looks like we'll all switch to AMD GPUs this fall because Nvidia can't produce more than 13 3080 for North America
It looks like we're all switching to AMD gpu this fall because nvidia can't produce more than 13 3080's for North America
Looks as we're all switching to AMD gpu's this fall because nvidia can't produce more than Mali 3080's for North America
But Looks like we're all switching to AMD gpu's this fall because nvidia can'0 t possibly produce more than 1 13 3080'It s ideal for North America
Looks like AMD're all switching to AMD gpu's this year because nvidia can't produce more Class 13 3080's for New East
"The top 16 companies on this list are the most interesting. They have all gained over 50%
"The 16 best companies on this list are the most interesting
"The top 16 companies on this list are the most interesting. All of them scored more than 50%
"The actual 16 companies making this list are the most interesting. They have all gained over 50%
"The top 16 companies on this list itself are the 25 most commercially interesting. They have all now gained over 50 %
"The original 16 companies on this list is the most interesting. They have mostly gained over 50%
Do I even want to know what windows update installed?  Sound is gone. Somehow my browser has cleared all it's cookies. And my nvidia control panel just doesn't exist.
"Do I even want to know which Windows update is installed? The sound is gone. Somehow my browser has deleted all cookies
The sound is gone. Something in my browser has cleaned all my kitchen headsets. And the nvidia control panel just doesn't exist.
Do I even want to know what windows update to?  Sound is gone. Somehow my browser has cleared all it's cookies. And my browser control suite just doesn't exist.
10 Do that I even want Sam to know what windows update installed? Sound play is gone. Somehow my cell browser has not cleared all it's cookies. And my nvidia control panel just doesn't possibly exist.
don we even want to know what camera update happened? Sound is gone. Somehow my browser has cleared all it's cookies. Also my nvidia control panel just doesn't exist.
"The new Nvidia cards launch tomorrow and currently there hasn’t been prices released for many of the cards and theres confusion on what is even going to be available at all.. . This is maybe the worst expensive tech launch since the Sega Saturn
The new Nvidia cards launch tomorrow and currently there are no prices for many of the cards have been released and theres confusion about what will even be available... This is perhaps the worst expensive tech launch since the Sega Saturn that I've experienced. Embarrassing.
"Nvidia's new maps start tomorrow
"The new Nvidia cards arrive tomorrow and. there hasn’t been prices published for many of the cards and theres confusion on what is even going to be available at all... This it maybe the first expensive tech launch since the Sega Saturn
"The lovely new Nvidia cards launch tomorrow Monday and currently there hasn ’ t been prices released for many of of them the cards since and theres confusion on what is even going to be available at all... This is maybe the very worst expensive tech launch since the cancelled Sega Mega Saturn
"The original Nvidia cards launch tomorrow and currently there hasn’t many prices released for many on the cards and so confusion on what is even expected his be prices at all... This is certainly the worst expensive tech launch since the Sega 90
"So
"So
"So
"So
"So
"So
Fuck everyone who has got the RTX 3080 . I haven’t even got a good enough pc to put one in @NVIDIAGeForce @nvidia
Shit on everyone who has the RTX 3080. I don't even have a good enough PC to install it under @ NVIDIAGeForce @ nvidia.
Fuck everyone who has got the X 3080. I haven't even got a good pc to put one in @ NVIDIAGeForce @ nvidia
Fuck everyone who has got the Win 3080 because I haven’t even got a good AAA pc to put one in @NVIDIAGeForce @nvidia
Fuck everyone who shit has got the RTX 3080. Dude I haven said ’ was t even got a good dollar enough a pc to go put one in @NVIDIAGeForce @nvidia
Fuck everyone who has got this RTX 3080. I just honestly got a good enough pc either put one in @NVIDIAGeForce 1
"@nvidia Hey
"@ nvidia Hi
"@ nvidia Hey
"@nvidia game
"@nvidia Hey
"@nvidia Hey
"What a joke
"What a joke
"What a joke
"What a joke
"and What a joke
do
@nvidia @NVIDIAGeForce . Just bought a new 3080 card and my odyssey g9 won’t go to 240 hz with the card. What’s going on? https://t.co/h880tFeLDM
@ nvidia @ NVIDIAGeForce. I just bought a new 3080 card and my Odyssey g9 will not go to 240Hz with the card. What's going on? https: / / t.co / h880tFeLDM
@ nvidia @ NVIDIAGeForce. Just bought a new 3080 card and my g9 odyssey won't go to 240 Hz with the card. What's going on?
@nvidia Edit. Just bought a new 3080 card and my odyssey g9 won’t drop under 240 hz with the adapter. What’s going on? https://t.co/h880tFeLDM]
@nvidia @NVIDIAGeForce. Just you bought us a completely new 3080 card and my old odyssey g9 he won ’ now t go to 240 hz with replacing the card. What fuck ’ s going on? 2011 https://t.co/h880tFeLDM ]
@nvidia @NVIDIAGeForce. Just bought a Canon 3080 computer and my odyssey g9 would be below 240 hz from the card. What’s going on? 7]
Big shit.
Great shit.
Big shit.
Big boy.
The Big shit.
no shit.
Im trying to get nvidia control panel running to try and optimize my game but wtf theyve changed some shit cos now it like the geforce experience?????
"Trying to get nvidia control panel up and running to try to optimize my game
"is trying to make the nvidia dashboard work to try to restore my game
Im trying to get nvidia display panel fixed to try and optimize this game but wtf theyve changed some shit cos now it like the geforce experience?????
Im done trying to somehow get nvidia control panel running out to go try and hopefully optimize my game but wtf theyve changed some serious shit cos now it seems like the whole geforce experience?????
be able to get nvidia control panel running to try and optimize real game but wtf you changed the colors cos now it like the geforce experience?????
It won’t work I tried reposting it so many times
"t work
"It won't work
It won’t work I tried reposting it done many times
It won of ’ t work I has tried reposting it so many times
It won’t work I tried reposting it so slightly different
Yes they are very sad for you. pic.twitter.com/3UqL5Ih6cU
"Yes
"Yes
Yes they are very sad for you. pic.twitter.com/3UqL5Ih6cU
2016 Yes they are very sad for you. pic.twitter.com/3UqL5Ih6cU
the
Been almost 2 weeks like this. No update from either @disneyplus or @NVIDIASHIELD @nvidia. Can't wait to get the new @Roku Ultra. pic.twitter.com/ZYWZ2swPXq
No update from @ disneyplus or @ NVIDIASHIELD @ nvidia. I can't wait to get the new @ Roku Ultra. pic.twitter.com / ZYWZ2swPXq
Almost 2 weeks have passed. No updates from @ disneypoint or @ NVIDIASHIELD @ nvidia. Can't wait for the new @ Roku Ultra. pic.wikipedia.com / ZYWZ2swPXq
Been almost 2 weeks like this. No update from either RhandlerR or RhandlerR RhandlerR. Can't wait to get the new RhandlerR Ultra. pic.twitter.com/ZYWZ2swPXq
and Been almost 2 weeks like this. No update from either RhandlerR or RhandlerR RhandlerR. Can't wait to get the new RhandlerR Ultra. pic.twitter.com/ZYWZ2swPXq
<unk>
Amazing how much cooler my laptop (MBP 15 2016) is when disconnected from external monitor - integrated intel graphics instead of nvidia dedicated.
Amazing how much cooler my laptop (MBP 15 2016) is when disconnected from the external monitor - built-in Intel graphics instead of Nvidia-dedicated.
It's amazing how much steeper my laptop (MBP 15 2016) is when it's disconnected from an external monitor - Intel's built-in graphics instead of a dedicated nvidia.
Amazing ly much cooler my laptop (MBP 15 2016) is when disconnected from external monitor - integrated intel graphics instead of completely dedicated.
Amazing by how much cooler my laptop ( 18 MBP December 15 2016 ) actually is when disconnected from an external monitor - integrated intel virtual graphics instead of nvidia dedicated.
Amazing how much brighter our laptop (MBP x 2016) is when disconnected from external monitor - integrated discrete graphics instead to nvidia dedicated.
can someone please tell me what NvModuleTracker is and how to stop it from failing when im downloading a new nvidia driver because whenever i download geforce experiecne alone it fails
"Can someone please tell me what NvModuleTracker is and how to prevent it from failing when I download a new Nvidia driver
can someone please tell me what is NvModuleTracker and how to stop it from failure when im downloading a new nvidia driver because whenever i download geforce experience alone it fails
can someone please tell me what NvModuleTracker is and how they save it from spawning when im downloading a new nvidia driver because whenever i download geforce experiecne alone it doesnt
can someone just please tell me what good NvModuleTracker is and on how hard to stop it from failing when let im with downloading a new nvidia driver because whenever i download to geforce on experiecne devices alone it fails
can someone please tell me what NvModuleTracker is into trying to stop it from failing when your downloading a good nvidia driver because whenever i download geforce installation alone it goes
 . . Global Cues. . -World market sentiment looks weak as US indices closed lower.. . -Tech  . . - . .  
... Global Cues... -Sentiment on world markets appears weak as US indices have closed lower... -Tech.. -.
Global prices. -Sentiment in the global market looks weak as US indices closed lower.. -Tech.. -...
.... Cues.. -World market growth looks weak as US indices closed lower... -Tech .. -..
.. Global Cues.. - World market inflation sentiment looks slightly weak but as US indices end closed the lower... - Tech.. -..
.. Global Index.. -World trade sentiment looks weak with major indices closed mixed... -Tech.. -..
@BlizzardCSEU_EN ... Can you play wow classic with the @NVIDIAGFN service? I have sent an email and it hasn't been responded to. Nvidia say that wow classic and wow BFA will work with the service but I'm hearing about propels accounts being banned. Is this still the case?
"@ BlizzardCSEU _ EN... Can you play Wow Classics with the @ NVIDIAGFN service? I sent an email that was not answered. Nvidia says Wow Classics and Wow-BFA will work with the service
@ BlizzardCSEU _ EN... Can you play wow classic with the @ NVIDIAGFN service? I have sent an email and it hasn't responded to. Nvidia say that wow classic and wow BFA will work with the service but I'm hearing about propels accounts be banned. Is this still the case?
@BlizzardCSEU_EN Q Can you play wow classic with the @NVIDIAGFN service? I have released an email and it hasn't been responded to. Nvidia say that everything classic and wow BFA will work with the service but I'm hearing is propels still being banned. Is this still the policy?
@BlizzardCSEU_EN... Can you play wow classic songs with the @NVIDIAGFN network service? I have sent an email and hope it hasn't been responded to. Nvidia say that wow classic and wow and BFA will work with using the support service but I'r m hearing about propels accounts being banned. 6 Is this person still living the case?
@BlizzardCSEU_EN... would you play wow classic with the @NVIDIAGFN service? I have sent an email where it hasn't been responded to. Nvidia say that wow classic and wow BFA will work at the price but I'm hearing and propels<unk> being cut. Is that still your standard?
It’s like @nvidia wants us to buy @AMDGaming . I wanted to buy the rtx 2080 for months sold out is seconds @NVIDIAGeForce said they would fix this problem. They release the rtx 3090 and it’s sold out before launch... how can you be the biggest gpu supplier and not think of stock?
"I wanted to buy the rtx 2080 for months
It's like @ nvidia wants us to buy @ AMDGaming. I wanted to buy the GX 2080 for months of sold out seconds @ NVIDIAGeForce said they would solve this problem. They release the GX 3090 and it's sold out before launch... how can you be the largest supplier of gpu and not think about inventories?
"It’s like @nvidia wants us to buy @AMDGaming. I want to buy the rtx 2080 for months sold out is
It ’ s like @nvidia still wants us guys to buy @AMDGaming. I so wanted to buy the rtx 2080 card for months sold out is seconds @NVIDIAGeForce said maybe they would fix this problem. They that release the rtx 3090 option and that it ’ s sold out before launch... how can now you be the 4th biggest gpu supplier and not think of stock?
It’s basically @nvidia pushing us to buy @AMDGaming. I wanted to buy the rtx that for months sold out is ridiculous and said they would fix this problem. They had an rtx 3090 and it’s selling out before launch... how can you be the biggest gpu supplier and not be of us?
@NVIDIASHIELD I just got a brand new Nvidia Shield Controller/Gamepad. The right shoulder buttons do not work. Does anyone know whats going on or how to fix this?. Thank you so much for any help.
@ NVIDIASHIELD I just got a brand new Nvidia Shield controller / gamepad. The right shoulder buttons don't work. Does anyone know what's going on or how to fix that?. Thanks for any help.
@ NVIDIASHIELD I just got a brand new Nvidia Shield B / Gamepad. The right shoulder buttons do not work. Does anyone know whats going on or how to fix this?. Thank you so much for any help.
@NVIDIASHIELD I just got our brand new Nvidia GeForce Controller/Gamepad. The right shoulder buttons does not work. Does anyone know whats going on or how to fix this?. Thanks you so much for any help.
@NVIDIASHIELD I just got a really brand new Nvidia Shield Dual Controller / Assault Gamepad. The right or shoulder buttons mainly don't work. Does anyone know exactly whats going on there or even how to go fix this?. Thank you so much for any help.
@NVIDIASHIELD just just got a brand new Nvidia Remote Controller/Gamepad. The right shoulder buttons do not function. Does anyone think is going on or how to fix this?. Thank you this much if any help.
These prices are way too low.  
These prices are far too low.
These prices are too low.
These prices go way too low.
These prices alone are way too low.
my prices are way too low.
Nvidia Optimus laptop - external monitor (wired directly to Nvidia GPU) has tearing.. zpr.io/H6uu3
Nvidia Optimus laptop - external monitor (directly connected to Nvidia GPU) has lurid.. zpr.io / H6uu3
Laptop Nvidia Optimus - external monitor (connected directly to the Nvidia graphics processor) has... zpr.io / H6uu3
Nvidia Optimus laptop PSU Side monitor (wired directly to Nvidia GPU) has tearing.. zpr.io/H6uu3
Nvidia 30 Optimus 4 laptop - external monitor ( always wired directly attached to Nvidia 2 GPU ) if has tearing.. zpr. 3 io / H6uu3
an Optimus laptop - laptop battery (wired strongly in Nvidia GPU) has tearing.. zpr.io/H6uu3
"If my display only support Freesync
"If my screen only supports Freesync
"If my display only supports Freesync
"If my display must support Freesync
"If indeed my display only support Freesync
"when my display files support Freesync
Nvidia should cancel any order that is suspected of being a bot.  
Nvidia should cancel any order suspected of being a bot.
Nvidia must cancel any order that is suspected of being a bot.
Nvidia should cancel any order that is suspected this being a bot.
Nvidia automatically should gradually cancel any order that is suspected of being a useful bot.
Nvidia should cancel a order that is suspected of being by bot.
@NVIDIAGeForce The hell with you Nvidia. You all wanted this launch to happen like it did. Triggering people to impulse buy so you brag about record sales in your next quarterly round up. Holding back your card so you can save bins for the 3070 to counter AMD's offer. Assholes.
@ NVIDIAGeForce Hell with you Nvidia. You all wanted this launch to go the way it did. Get people to impulse buy so you can brag about record sales in your next quarterly round. Withhold the card so you can save for the 3070 to counter AMD's offer. Assholes.
@ NVIDIAGeForce Damn you Nvidia. You all wanted this launch to happen the way it did. Triggers encourage people to buy so you can boast record sales in the next quarter. Hold your card so you can accumulate on 3070 to counter AMD's offer. Assholes.
@NVIDIAGeForce ta hell with you Nvidia. Our all wanted this launch to sell like mine did. Triggering people to impulse spend so you brag about record sales in your next quarterly round up. Holding back your card so you can save bins for the 3070 to counter AMD's hype. Assholes.
THE @NVIDIAGeForce The hell with you but Nvidia. com You all wanted this launch to still happen like it did. Triggering people to impulse buy models so you brag back about record sales in when your next quarterly round are up. Holding all back your card so instead you can save bins for the 3070 to counter AMD's offer. Assholes.
@NVIDIAGeForce The hell with your Nvidia. You all wanted this launch just happen like Intel did. Triggering email to impulse buy companies there brag about huge numbers before those next quarterly round up. Holding back your card so you can save bins for the 3070 to counter AMD's offer. Assholes.
Cheap doesn't mean better btw! . . techsall.com/google-challen…. .  
Cheap does not mean better by the way!.. techsall.com / google-challen.....
??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
Cheap will mean better<unk>!.. techsall.com/google-challen…..
... Cheap doesn't t mean anyone better btw!.. techsall. com / from google - end challen page …..
really doesn't look bad btw!.. net.com/google-challen.....
Nvidia really delayed the 3070 2 weeks . 
Nvidia really delayed the 3070 by 2 weeks.
Nvidia did delay by 3070 2 weeks.
Nvidia really delayed the 3070 several weeks.
Nvidia really only delayed the 3070 2 flight weeks.
Nvidia really delayed the next 2 weeks.
