"im getting on borderlands and i will murder you all
"i am coming to the borders and i will kill you all
"im getting on borderlands and i will kill you all
"im coming on borderlands and i will murder you all
"im getting on borderlands 2 and i will murder you me all
"im getting into borderlands and i can murder you all
so i spent a few hours making something for fun. . . if you don't know i am a huge @borderlands fan and maya is one of my favorite characters. so i decided to make myself a wallpaper for my pc. . here is the original image versus the creation i made :) enjoy! pic.twitter.com/mlsi5wf9jg
"so i spent a couple of hours doing something for fun... if you don't know that i'm a huge @ borderlands fan and maya is one of my favorite characters
so i spent a few hours doing something for fun... if you don't know i'm a huge @ borderlands fan and maya is one of my favorite characters.
so i spent a few hours making something for fun. . . if you don't know i am a huge rhandlerr fan and maya is one of my favorite characters. so i decided to make myself a wallpaper for my pc. . here is the original image versus the creation i made :) enjoy! pic.twitter.com/mlsi5wf9jg
2010 so i spent a few hours making something for fun. . . if you don't know i am a huge rhandlerr fan and maya is one of my favorite characters. so i decided to make myself a wallpaper for my pc. . here is the original image versus the creation i made :) enjoy! pic.twitter.com/mlsi5wf9jg
was
that was the first borderlands session in a long time where i actually had a really satisfying combat experience. i got some really good kills
this was the first borderlands session in a long time where i actually had a really satisfying fighting experience. i got some really good kills
that was the first borderlands session in a long time where i actually had a really satisfying combat experience. i got some really good kills
that was the first borderlands session in a long time where i actually enjoyed a really satisfying combat experience. i got some rather good kills
that i was the first real borderlands session in a nice long wait time where i actually had a really satisfying combat experience. and i got some really good kills
that was the first borderlands session in a hot row where i actually had a really bad combat experience. i did some really good kills
we finished borderlands 3 finally yas! thank you for hanging out everyone! it was fun. i will try to stream tomorrow but if not i might so some irl streams while awayu. we shall see. thank you so much for the raids @mompou_mumpow @megamagwitch and @kfdmitch.
"we finally finally find borderlands 3 yes! thank you all for hanging out! it was fun. i'll try to stream tomorrow
