"@activision after the new 30 gb patch cod mw crashs in each game and i return to the destop- without any error report.. for that i paid 50$. and even before i had this
"@ activision after the new 30 gb patch cod mw crashes in every game and i return to destop- without error report.. for that i paid $50. and even before i had that
"@ afvision after the new 30gb patch cod mw breaks down in every game and i return to the desktop - without any error messages.. i paid $50 for it. and even before i had it
"@activision after the new 16 gb patch cod mw crashs in each game and i return to the destop- without user error report.. for that i paid :) and even before games had this
"@activision after the new 30 10 gb patch cod mw that crashs in each flash game i and i return here to the destop - without finding any error report.. for info that i paid 50 $. and even when before now i had this
"@activision and the new 30 gb vs cod mw crashs in every game and i return to the destop- without any error report.. for that i paid 50$. and only when i had this
all these cool nvidia things and i can't use any of them cause i don't have an rtx card .
i can't use all these cool nvidia stuff because i don't have an rtx card.
all these cool nvidia things and i can't use any of them because i don't have a card.
all these cool nvidia things and i can't use any of them cause i still have an rtx card.
all these cool nvidia things lie and i desperately can't use any one of them cause i don't have all an rtx and card.
these these cool nvidia things and we don't use any of them cause i just't have an rtx card.
"shiny new hpc software dev kit. interesting that gaussian
"interestingly
"interestingly
"shiny ubuntu hpc software dev kit. interesting that gaussian
"shiny green new hpc core software dev kit. interesting that new gaussian
"shiny local computer memory dev kit. interesting that gaussian
great video from @harrisheller on the newest feature @nvidiageforce  has brought to us.. . i’ll definitely be testing it out and utilizing it in my streams. . nvidia broadcast is finally here!! youtu.be/u1f2j4myjuw via @youtube
great video from @ harrisheller about the newest feature of @ nvidiageforce brought it to us... i will definitely test it and use it in my streams... nvidia broadcast is finally here!! youtu.be / u1f2j4myjuw via @ youtube
