"love the skin and especially the weapon skin. too many of widow’s legendary weapon skins are over complicated and distracting. this one is sleek
"love the skin and especially the weapon skin. too many of the legendary widow's weapon skins are too complicated and distracting. it's slim
"i love leather
"love the skin and especially the weapon skin. too many of widow’s legendary item designs are over complicated and complicated. this one is sleek
"love the skin and especially appreciate the bronze weapon skin. too too many pieces of the widow ’ s legendary leather weapon skins are over complicated and distracting. this one is sleek
"love the skin well especially the weapon skin. too many of widow’s little weapon skins are over complicated and extravagant. this one seems sleek
dude i knew it lmfaooooo bob is so cute................................. the granny hat
dude i know it lmfaooooo bob is so cute..... the great hat
i knew that the lmepa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa
dude i knew it and it is so cute................................. the granny hat
e dude i the knew h it on lmfaooooo of bob that is at so a cute................................. the la granny de hat
dude of am how lmfaooooo by ad in cute................................. this this b
i love when a big man in a suit of armor pins me up against a wall 🤦‍.
i love it when a tall man in an armoured suit pins me against a wall.
i love having a big man in armor pushing me against the wall.
i love when a big man in his suit of armor pins me up against a wall brick.
i love when a big man in a suit full of face armor pins me completely up against a wall [unk].
i love if a medieval man in a suit of armor pins me up though a wall <unk>.
i can’t wait to play mercy moira junk and mei in overwatch this week!
i can't wait to play mercy moira junk and mei in overwatch this week!
