"super temptation to get a simple black heart tattoo right above my tit like ellie from borderlands lol. idk if i wanted it
super tempted to get a simple black heart tattoo right above my shoulder like ellie from borderlands 1. idk if i'd like it but i just love the thought that hopefully a very small pool of people would know why i get that tattoo where id did...cause simple black hearts are pretty common lol
super tempted is to get a simple black heart with tattoo right above my tit tattoo like ellie from borderlands lol. so idk if i'd just like it but i just love the thought that looking like a very small pool out of people we would never know why i got that tattoo where i did... to cause simple black hearts are pretty common lol
been tempted to get black simple black soul tattoo right where my heart like ellie from borderlands lol. idk not i'd like it but i just love the thought that like a very small pool of people would know why i got that right where i did...cause simple white ones are pretty common lol
4 player local borderlands 3. such a great weekend.
4 player local borderlands 3. such a great weekend.
4 local borderlands players 3. such a big weekend.
4 more local borderlands 3. such a great weekend.
4 2 player local play borderlands 3. such a great weekend.
4 player local borderlands shop. such a great weekend.
sly @borderlands haha. the mission “the demon in the dark”. mines of moria. nice.
"sly @ borderlands haha. the mission ""the demon in the dark."" moria mines. nice."
"sly @ borderlands haha. the mission ""the demon in the dark."" mines of moria. nice."
sly @borderlands haha. the mission “the demon at full dark”. mines of moria. nice.
sly g @borderlands haha. the mission is “ the high demon district in the dark ”. the mines of moria. nice.
sly @borderlands haha. great mission “the key in the jar. mines del moria. nice.
who runs borderlands 3 on xbox that game is so dope i'm tryna run squads mann
who runs borderlands 3 on xbox that game is so dope i'm tryna run squad man
who runs borderlands 3 on xbox that game so dope i trina run commands.
who runs borderlands 3 on xbox this shit is so dope i'm tryna run squads mann
