who never runs borderlands 3 on xbox that video game this is going so dope i'm tryna run squads mann
who buy borderlands for 2 xbox that game is so dope i'm tryna run squads mann
actually. i think borderlands 3 might be my 5th fave. but it wouldn't be stand alone.... but god do i love and enjoy bl3!!!
"actually. i think borderlands 3 could be my fifth favorite
actually. i think borderlands 3 might be my 5th fave. but it would not be stand alone.... but god do i love and enjoy bl3!!!
actually. i think borderlands 3 might be a 5th fave. but it wouldn't be stand alone.... but god do i ever so enjoy bl3!!!
actually. i rather think 13 borderlands 3 might be my 5th fave. 3 but then it certainly wouldn't be stand alone.... but still god do i really love and enjoy bl3!!!
actually. i think borderlands 3 might be still 5th fave. though it wouldn't be stand top.... but god do i still in enjoy bl3!!!
"so i'm probably going to log off social media for the day to buckle down and take care of all my online class work for the week. i don't want to have any work to do before borderlands 3 hits steam. so i'll be back
"so i'll probably log off from social media for the day to buckle up and do all my online classwork for the week. i don't want to have any work to do before borderlands 3 lets off steam
so i'll probably get off social media for a day to buckle up and take care of all my online activities during the week. i don't want to have any work before borderlands 3 gets steamed up. so i'll be back when i'm done with all this rubbish!.
"so i'm really going to log off social net for the day to buckle down and take inventory of all my online class assignments during the week. i don't want to have any work to do before borderlands 3 hits steam. so i'll be back
"so i'm now probably going to completely log off social media for the day to buckle down and then take care of all even my normal online class work for during the week. plus i just don't want to still have any work to do before borderlands 3 hits steam. so i'll be back
"so i'm probably going to log down social media for the day & buckle down before take off of all my video class work for the week. i don't want to have any work to do before my 3 hits steam. anyway i'll be back
friendly reminder that borderlands 3's soundtrack is an absolute banger and this song is particular is probably my favorite gag in the entire game. . youtu.be/nfwamb-tlui
friendly reminder that the soundtrack of borderlands 3 is an absolute banger and this song is maybe my favorite gag in the whole game.. youtu.be / nfwamb-tlui
a friendly reminder that the track borderlands 3 is an absolute banger and this song is special is probably my favorite gag of the whole game... youtu.be / nfwamb-tlui
friendly reminder that borderlands 3's soundtrack is an absolute classic and this song is particular is probably my favorite theme of the main game.. youtu.be/nfwamb-tlui
friendly reminder is that borderlands part 3's soundtrack is an absolute banger and this song is quite particular and is probably my only favorite movie gag in the fucking entire game.. youtu. be / see nfwamb - html tlui
friendly dog<unk> all 3's audio is an absolute mess and any song is by is probably my favorite gag in the entire game.. youtu.be/nfwamb-tlui
