"my tweets are just all about dota2. don't fuck
my tweets just all involved dota2. no fucking offense because this game @dota2<unk> very high tension game in bad or good moments.
1 my partner tweets just all about dota2. no good fucking offense... because this game @dota2 is very high sexual tension game in its bad or good moments.
my days were all about dota2. no fucking offense because this game @dota2 with very high tension game in difficult or good moments.
i just found out @twomad  played/plays dota 2 .  that makes me happy :)
"i just found out that @ twomad plays dota 2
i just find out @ twomad played / plays dota 2. that makes me happy:)
i just found this @twomad  played/plays dota 2.  that makes me happy!
i have just a found this out @twomad played / plays dota 2. that it makes me happy : )
i just found out he played/plays game 2. which makes me happy :)
i am really and dota 2 slinky  -  casey
i'm real and dota 2 slinky - casey
i am really and dota 2 slinky - casey
i wanna really and dota 2 slinky  -  casey
i also am not really and dota 2 slinky - casey
i am 18 and dota 2 slinky - what
soon i can finally enjoy watching melee again. it's just not the same when ice or leffen aren't competing lul.. also 4 more days of work and 1 month off. been a struggle with 12 hour workdays lately. still proud i managed to get immortal @dota2
soon i can finally see melee again. it is just not the same when ice or leffen do not compete lul.. also 4 more working days and 1 month off. was lately a fight with 12-hour working days. still proud i have managed to become immortal @ dota2
soon i will finally be able to enjoy watching the melee.. it's just not the same when the ice or the league are not competing with each other.. also another 4 days of work and 1 month. there was a struggle with 12-hour working days later.. still proud that i managed to get immbal @ dota2
soon i can finally enjoy watching melee again. it's just not the same when us or leffen aren't competing lul.. also 4 more days of work and 1 month off. been kinda stuck between 12 hour workdays lately. still proud i managed to get out @dota2
