march was a great new month :... 3 new streamers.. for 4th place place cod would finish.. for first csgo 2015 adv playoffs.. 28 april :.. new sponsor tonight at tech 7
march was this great place:... four new streamers.. 4th straight cod finish.. first division adv playoffs.. april:.. official sponsor revealed at 7
received a great honor today. got accused of aim botting in my first ever match of cs go hahaha
received a great honor today. was accused of bottling in my first game of cs go hahaha
received a great honor today. received a charge of scoring goals in my first ever cs go hahahaha match
received a great honor today. got accused of aim botting in like second ever match of cs go hahaha
received a very great honor award today. got accused of of aim botting in my in first ever match of cs and go hahaha
received fantastic great honor a. got best of aim botting in to first ever match of cs go hahaha
i’ve played 12 hours of csgo the past two days and i just feel 15 again in a non-literal sense. my entire sophomore year was consumed by competitive. i only ever stopped when my friend got vac’d and i was deranked for playing with them.
"i've been playing csgo for 12 hours the last two days and i just feel 15 again
i've played 12 hours of csgo the last two days and i just feel 15 again in a non-literary sense.
i’ve spent 12 hours of csgo the past two days and i just feel 15 again for very non-literal sense. my entire sophomore year was consumed by competitive. i only ever stopped when my friend got vac’d and i got deranked of fighting with them.
but i ’ a ve been played around 12 hours of csgo on the other past two days and i just now feel 15 again in a non - literal sense. my entire sophomore year was consumed by competitive. i only have ever stopped when my friend got some vac ’ d and i was deranked for playing along with them.
i’ve played 12 hours in csgo not past two days and i just feel 15 again in a non-literal sense. my entire sophomore work was consumed by myself. i only ever stopped when another friend actually vac’d and i was deranked for working with stupid.
feels good man :)
feels good:)
feels like a good person:)
feels good today :)
feels the good man : )
feels awful man :)
