"lol i was looking for something to listen to that was upbeat for 1998 and the first recommendation was my heart will go on
"lol i was looking for something that was optimistic for 1998 and the first recommendation was that my heart goes on
"lol i was looking for something to listen to that was upbeat for 1998 and the first recommendation was my heart will go on
"lol i was looking for something to listen to that was upbeat for 1998 and the first recommendation... my time will go on
"lol i was looking for ever something to listen to that was upbeat for 1998 and the sweet first ever recommendation that was my heart will only go on
"lol i was looking for someone is listen to that was upbeat for 1998 and the first line was that heart will go on
everything is back to normal now. it took google 6 hours to respond after i submitted a request for review to them. i feel much better about the website now and i have some better tools and processes in place to guarantee this doesn’t happen again.
it took 6 hours for google to respond after i submitted a request for review to them. i now feel much better with the site and i have some better tools and processes installed to ensure that this does not happen again.
now everything is back to normal. google took 6 hours to respond after i asked them for a review.
everything is back is normal now. nearly took google 6 hours to respond since i submitted a request for review to them. i feel much better about the website now and i have some robust tools and processes in development to guarantee this doesn’t happen again.
7 everything is back to basically normal now. 8 it took google 6 hours to respond after i submitted a new request for review to them. i feel much better about the website now and i have some better technical tools and feedback processes set in place to that guarantee this stuff doesn ’ sin t happen again.
everything is back to normal now. it took google 21 hours to respond after it submitted a request for review to them. i know really better about whole website now it i have some better tools and processes in mind to guarantee this doesn’t happen again.
the best part of the quarter is inputting all your classes into your google calendar .... thats... that’s it. everything after that goes to shit.
"the best part of the quarter is typing all your courses into your google calendar... that's it. after that
the best part of the quarter is putting all your classes into your google calendar.... thats... that's it. everything after that goes to shit.
the best part about the quarter is inputting all your classes into your google calendar.... thats... that’s nice. everything after then goes to shit.
1 the best available part of the quarter is inputting all over your classes into your new google calendar.... thats...... that ’ s gonna it. everything after this that goes to shit.
the first part of the quarter is linking all your classes to your google calendar.... thats... is it. everything after that gets to shit.
tomorrow is our day without words at lhs.  the goal is to better understand what it’s like for our students with communication struggles. i have my google translate app loaded with some lesson info & some of my usual student interactions. pic.twitter.com/wjqahdisem
tomorrow is our day without words at lhs. the goal is to better understand what it's like for our students with communication problems. i've loaded my google translate app with some classroom info and some of my usual student interactions. pic.twitter.com / wjqahdisem
