that’s the best one wtf?
that's the best wtf?
that's the best one wtf?
that’s our best one wtf?
that boy ’ s the best one now wtf?
that’s the best option wtf?
i was inspired by @miserabletop to get assassins creed on switch and now i couldn’t be more excited to leave the party early to go home and play black flag pic.twitter.com/yhrybjdynn
i was inspired by @ miserabletop to turn on the assassin creed and now i couldn't be more excited to leave the party early to go home and play black flag pic.twitter.com / yhrybjdynn
i was inspired by @ babletop to get my credo on the switch and now i can't be more excited to leave the party early to get home and play black focus pic.com / yhrybjdynn
i was inspired by rhandlerr to get assassins creed on switch and now i couldn’t be more excited to leave the party early to go home and play black flag pic.twitter.com/yhrybjdynn
w i was inspired by rhandlerr to get assassins creed on switch and now i couldn’t be more excited to leave the party early to go home and play black flag pic.twitter.com/yhrybjdynn
to
personal top 5 all-time favorite video games series on  . . 1. assassin's creed (i live and breathe this series). . 2. batman arkham series (even origins i enjoyed). . 3. mass effect (love it). . 4. uncharted (love it). . 5. cod (obviously love it) https://t.co/cdoblrdbqn
personal top 5 all-time favorite video games series on.. 1. assassin's creed (i live and breathe this series).. 2. batman arkham series (even origins i enjoyed).. 3. mass effect (love it).. 4. uncharted (love it).. 5. cod (obviously love it) https: / / t.co / cdoblrdbqn
personal top 5 all-time future video games series on. 1. assassin's creed. 2. batman arkham series. 3. mass effect. 4. uncharted. 5. cod.
"personal top 5 all-time favorite video games series on <unk>. 1. assassin's creed (i live and breathe this series). ). 2. batman arkham knight (even origins i did. 2. mass effect (love )
personal choice top 5 all - the time favorite video games series go on.. 1. assassin's creed ( i do live live and breathe from this series ).. 2. batman arkham series ( what even origins i enjoyed ).. 3. mass media effect ( love it ).. 4. uncharted ( love it ).. 5. cod ( obviously love does it ) on https://t.co/cdoblrdbqn ]
personal top 20 all-time greatest video games series on.. 1. assassin's creek (i live and breathe this series).. 2. batman online series (even origins quite enjoyed).. 1. mass effect (love the).. 4. uncharted (love it).. 5. cod (obviously not you) &]
"watching the leaked gameplay of  . . it's not bad
"it's not bad
