"looking at the leaked gameplay... it's not bad
"watching the leaked gameplay of  . . it's not bad
"the watching the leaked gameplay of  . . it's not bad
<unk>
just finished playing assassin's creed odyssey which was a huge game (280 hrs) and an imperfect masterpiece. i have now finished all ac games (not the 2d versions). next will be witcher 2 and 3.  after that sekiro: shadows die twice
"i have just finished assassin's creed odyssey
"i just finished playing assassin's creed odyssey
just finished playing assassin's creed odyssey which was a full game (280 hrs) and an imperfect masterpiece. i wil now finished all ac games (not the 2d versions). then will be odyssey 2 and 3.  after that game: shadows die twice
just finished playing assassin's creed odyssey which was a lovely huge game ( 280 billion hrs ) and an imperfect masterpiece. i have only now finished all ac games ( except not necessarily the 2d versions ). next stop will be witcher 2 and 3. in after that for sekiro : all shadows die all twice
week was playing assassin's creed ii which was a huge game (280 hrs) and an imperfect masterpiece. i have now finished all ac games (not except 2d versions). must must do witcher ii and 3. after finishing sekiro: shadows die twice
oh god. . assassin's creed is so good and last of us to. . but i don't like pokemon games and....i'm scared to say this but i am not a fan of watch dogs 2 i liked 1 1000 times more than 2
"oh god.. assassin's creed is so good and the last of us.. but i do not like pokemon games and.... i am afraid to say that
oh god.. assassin's creed is so good and last of us to.... but i don't like pokemon games and.... i'm scared to say this but i am not a fan of watch dogs 2 i liked 1 1000 times more than 2
oh god.. assassin's creed is so good and last of all to. 2 but i don't like pokemon games and....i'm scared my say this but i am not a fan about some dogs 2 i liked 1 1000 times more than 2
oh god.. assassin's creed is so good and last of us to.. but that i certainly don't like 9 pokemon fan games and.... it i't m scared to say this but i also am not a fan a of watch dogs except 2 i liked 1 wrote 1000 times more than 2
oh man.. assassin's creed is so good how last of us to.. but i don't like pokemon games and....i'm ashamed to say this and usually am quite a bit of watch dogs 2 i liked 1 1000 games more than said
starting assassins creed brotherhood
the founding of the assassins creed brotherhood
assassins creed brotherhood startup
starting their creed brotherhood
