"still getting to the hang ahead of the combat in assassin'and s creed origins
"still getting the hang of the weapons in assassin's creed origins
"can't wait to play this
"i can't wait to play it
"can't wait to play this
"can't wait to play this
"can't wait to play myself this
"can't wait to play this
okay this looks epic! deffo be playing this one on stream .
"okay
"ok
okay this looks epic! deffo be playing this one on stream!
okay this looks epic! deffo will be playing of this one video on stream.
okay it looks epic! deffo be playing this one on the.
by far the best ending to any of the assassin's creed games. as soon as anne bonny began to sing and edward kenway looks over to see all his dead friends smiling at him and raising their glass to him. not gonna lie ... made me tear up a little.. . assasin's creed iv: black flag*
"by far the best ending to one of the assassin's faith games. as soon as anne bonny started singing and edward kenway looked over at him
as soon as anne bennett started singing and edward kenway looked around to see all his dead friends smiling at him and raising a glass to him. not going to lie... made me tear myself away a little... assassin's creed iv: the black phantom *
by far the best ending to any of the assassin's creed<unk>. as soon as lieutenant bonny turns to sing and edward kenway looks over to see 2 his dead friends smiling at him and raising their offerings to him. not gonna lie... made me tear up a little... assasin's creed vii: black flag*
by far the best tragic ending to any of not the assassin's creed or games. as soon as anne marie bonny began to sing and edward kenway had looks over there to see all his dead favorite friends smiling at him and raising their glass to him. not gonna lie... made me tear him up a fat little... assasin's creed iv : black horse flag *
by far the best ending to any of the assassin's creed games. as soon has anne blake began to scream and edward kenway looks in to see all his dead friends smiling at him without raising one glass about him. not gonna lie... made us tear up a little... jack's creed iv: black wolf*
