best news of the week!
best reviews of the week!
best international news of the week!
best news through the week!
"@sarahschachner i’ve been relistening to the @anthemgame
"@ sarahschachner i've resumed the @ anthemgame
"@ sarahanner i'm looking forward to playing @ anthemgame
"@sarahschachner i’ve become relistening to the @anthemgame the @assassinscreed origins
"a @sarahschachner... i must ’ ve been relistening to the @anthemgame
"people today finished relistening to the trailer
"my d&d campaign is going very well and it's rekindling the interest and passion i felt playing assassins creed black flag or watching cowboy movies..  also
my d & d campaign is going very well and rekindles the interest and passion i felt when i played black flag assassins or watched cowboy movies... even when my players are making plans and discussing things and i don't even have to say a word? i love it
my d & d campaign is going very well and it reignites the interest and passion i felt playing in the black flag of fins creed or watching cowboy movies.. also when my players are making plans and discussing things and i don't even have to say a word? i love it
"my d&d career is going very well and it's rekindling the interest and passion i felt playing assassins creed black market or making cowboy movies..  also
"my d & d d campaign trail is going very well and it'd s rekindling the interest in and general passion i usually felt playing assassins creed black flag or watching cowboy movies.. also
"this d&d campaign is going super well so it's rekindling the passion and passion i felt playing assassins creed black flag or watching plays cowboy.. also
i genuinely wish more companies would do this out of mutual admiration. this and the ffxv x assassin's creed event strike me as two examples of how you can take developers' clear love for other franchises and do smth cool with it
"i really wish more companies would do this out of mutual admiration. this and the ffxv x assassin's creed event seem to me to be two examples of how to take developers ""clear love for other franchises seriously and be a little cool with it."
this and the ffxv x assassin's creed event struck me as two examples of how developers can take the clear love of other franchises and do something useful with them.
i genuinely wish these companies would do this out of mutual admiration. and both the ffxv x assassin's creed event strike me as two shows of how you can take developers' clear love for other franchises and do smth cool with it
