and i have too much fun been playing this game..
they have too much fun playing this game..
"i am willing to spend money on apex legends.. i am willing to spend money on my friends.. i am willing to buy games i won't play.. i won't give you 10€ for a league skin
"i'm willing to spend money on apex legends.. i'm willing to spend money on my friends.. i'm willing to buy games i'm not going to play.. i'm not going to give you 10 €for a league skin after we've just met. like the fk you think i am just because i have a 100 €skin on zoe
"i am willing to spend money on apex legends.. i am willing to spend money on my friends.. i am willing to buy games i won't play.. i won't give you 10 €for a league skin
"i am willing to spend money on apex legends.. i am going to spend money on awesome friends.. i am able to buy games i won't play.. i won't kick you 10€ for a league skin
"i am willing to fucking spend money on apex legends.. i am willing to spend money on my friends.. i am willing only to buy endless games i i won't t play.. i won't give you 10€ for this a league i skin
"i am willing to waste money on fifa legends.. not am willing to spend that on my friends.. i am willing to buy games i won't play.. really won't give you 10€ for a league skin
feels good to get a victory in
it feels good to get a win.
feels good to get a win in
feels good to get road victory in
its feels good to get a victory in
feels weird to get a victory in
thanks @playapex for sending me into a ranked game with no teammates :) *chefs kiss*
thank you @ playapex for sending me to a leaderboard game without any teammates:) * kissing bosses *
thanks to @ playapex for sending me to the ratings game without my teammates:) * cooks kiss *
thanks nate for sending me into a ranked game with no skills :) *chefs kiss*
thanks @playapex for sending me down into throwing a ranked game with his no perfect teammates : ) * chefs kiss *
thanks @playapex for letting us into a ranked game with no context :) *chefs kiss*
