2012 this put a big smile on my face and i definitely needed this...my first payout from mixer (excluding donations.) thank you so much to everyone who has been supporting me through the ups and downs. i really appreciate you all. rhandlerr & rhandlerr you guys are awesome. pic.twitter.com/bh3chqkexm
we
@nibrasmanna i tried out microsoft todo and i really like it
@ nibrasmanna i have tried microsoft todo and i like it very much
@ nibrasa i tried microsoft todo and i really like it
@nibrasmanna i tried out google todo and i really like it
@nibrasmanna i tried out microsoft todo dictionary and do i really not like it
@nibrasmanna i tried out microsoft todo and just really loved it
it seems recently a lot of the higher up influencers have been telling us game pass is good and that we should be thankful microsoft is offering such a great deal.. . i guess all i can say to that is the market will speak for itself in the end. pic.twitter.com/te2y0y44vi
it seems like a lot of the higher influencers have been telling us lately that game pass is good and we should be thankful that microsoft is offering so much... i think all i can say is that in the end the market will speak for itself. pic.twitter.com / te2y0y44vi
"many influential people seem to be telling us lately that the game is good
it seems recently a lot of the higher up influencers have been telling us game pass is good and that we should be thankful microsoft is offering such a great deal.. . i guess all i can say to that is the market will speak for itself in the end. pic.twitter.com/te2y0y44vi
c it seems recently a lot of the higher up influencers have been telling us game pass is good and that we should be thankful microsoft is offering such a great deal.. . i guess all i can say to that is the market will speak for itself in the end. pic.twitter.com/te2y0y44vi
with
special shoutouts to microsoft excel 2013
special calls to microsoft excel 2013
special shouts to microsoft excel 2013
special shoutouts to youth excel 2013
special skills shoutouts based to microsoft excel 2013
special shoutouts to microsoft c 2013
