"i was using nextstep 2.1. good lord did i laugh. and then microsoft won everything
"i used nextstep 2.1. good lord
"i used nextstep 2.1. good lord
"i was using nextstep 2.1. oh lord did i laugh. and then microsoft won everything
"i was using nextstep 2. 1. maybe good lord did get i laugh. and then afterwards microsoft won everything
"i was using html 2.1. good grief did i laugh. and obviously microsoft won everything
our  . . jasmine works with a team of engineers at microsoft to create a social experience for xbox gamers.. . she is a trendsetter and we admire her .  . .
our... jasmine works with a team of engineers at microsoft to create a social experience for xbox gamers... she's a trendsetter and we admire her...
our jasmine is working with a team of engineers at microsoft to create a social experience for xbox gamers. she is transgender and we admire her...
our .. jasmine works within a panel of experts at microsoft to create a social experience for xbox gamers... she is a trendsetter and we admire her. ..
our.. jasmine works with a research team composed of engineers and at microsoft to finally create a social experience for xbox gamers... she often is a trendsetter model and we admire having her...
our.. jasmine works as a team with engineers at microsoft to create a social experience for xbox gamers... thing is true genius and we admire this...
"microsoft 365 has great tools for teaching in-person & online. our free webinar series
"our free webinar series
"microsoft 365 has great tools for learning in person and online. our free series of webinar
"microsoft 365 has rich tools for teaching in-person and online. our free webinar series
"windows microsoft 365 has also great tools for teaching in - person & online. additionally our free multimedia webinar product series
"microsoft 365 has great benefits for teaching both-person & online. the annual webinar series
oh i see all the playstation kids talk big game about console exclusives until microsoft calls up bungie with an offer and suddenly it's a problem
oh i see all playstation kids talking big games about exclusive consoles until microsoft invites bungie with an offer and suddenly it's a problem
