oh i see all the playstation kids talk big game about console exclusives until microsoft calls bbie with an offer and sud it's a problem
oh i see all the big kids talk big game about console exclusives but microsoft calls me bungie with an offer and suddenly it's a problem
oh i see all about the major playstation kids talk big on game about console exclusives up until microsoft calls up bungie with an email offer and suddenly decides it's a problem
oh i play in the playstation kids talk big game about console games until mom calls up bungie with an offer and suddenly it's on problem
thanks to the amazing team at @microsoft who generously donated 10 office 365 licenses to aha! today. we are so grateful!. .
thanks to the amazing team at @ microsoft who generously donated 10 office 365 licenses to aha! today. we are so grateful!.
thanks to the amazing @ microsoft team who generously donated 10 office 365 aha licenses today. we are so grateful!...
thanks to the amazing team and @microsoft who generously donated 10 office 365 licenses to aha! k. we are so grateful!..
thanks to the amazing team at @microsoft who generously they donated 10 office management 365 licenses to aha! later today. • we guys are so so grateful!..
thanks to a amazing team in @microsoft who generously donated 10 office 365 licenses of aha! today. we got so grateful!..
"well.. . just got an alert from microsoft about suspicious activity on my account.. . there were three attempts to access it yesterday (one in china
"i have just received a notification from microsoft about suspicious activity on my account... there were three attempts to access it yesterday (one in china
"well... just received a warning from microsoft about suspicious activity on my account... there were three attempts to access it yesterday (one in china
"well... recently got an alert from china about suspicious activity on my account... there were three attempts against access it yesterday (one in china
"well... just got here an alert from microsoft about suspicious activity on my account... 1 there were three unsuccessful attempts to access to it yesterday ( one suspected in china
"well... just got an alert from microsoft about criminal activity at my account... there were 11 connections to access there yesterday (one into china
apparently microsoft is offering free training with a voucher for the cert test afterwards. currently focusing on aws but seems like a great opportunity to get into azure
"apparently microsoft is offering a free training with a voucher for the subsequent certification test. right now
microsoft offers free training with a voucher for subsequent testing of the server.
apparently amd is offering free training with a voucher for another cert test afterwards. currently based on aws but seems like a great opportunity to get into azure
