peace can finally be restored.
peace may finally be restored. thank you @microsoft.
peace may finally again be entirely restored. thank you @microsoft.
peace may soon be restored. wish you @microsoft.
awesome news. such a big fan of eric.
great news. such a big fan of eric.
cheering news. such a big eric fan.
awesome review. such a big fan of eric.
big awesome news. such of a big fan of eric.
awesome news. such a big fan of this.
its game day for microsoft and  . . 7 years old waiting an entire generation for a comeback i hope they hit a grandslam
his matchday for microsoft and.. 7 years waiting an entire generation for a comeback i hope they beat a grand slam
his playing day for microsoft and... 7 years in wait for a generation to return i hope they hit the grandmaster
its game day for microsoft and .. 12 years old waiting an older generation for a comeback i hope they hit a grandslam
its game day is for microsoft research and.. 7 hundreds years old waiting an entire generation waited for a comeback i hope they hit a happy grandslam
its game day for microsoft and.. 7 years of waiting an entire generation of that day i hope they hit a grandslam
"happy 10th anniversary to fallout: new vegas!. . the best entry of the bethesda fallout titles. i loved the characters and deep rpg options. i'm so excited that microsoft now owns both bethesda and obsidian.. hopefully we can get a remaster.. . ""the game was rigged from the start!"" pic.twitter.com/rc5qegiqad"
"i love the characters and the deep rpg options. i'm so excited that microsoft now owns both bethesda and obsidian.. hopefully we can get a remaster.. ""the game was rigged from the beginning!"" pic.twitter.com / rc5qegiqad"
happy 10th anniversary fallout: new vegas!.. best bethesda fallout record. i loved the characters and the deep capabilities of rpg.
"happy 10th anniversary to fallout: new vegas!. . the best entry of the bethesda fallout titles. i loved the characters and deep rpg options. i'm so excited that microsoft now owns both bethesda and obsidian.. hopefully we can get a remaster.. . ""the game was rigged from the start!"" pic.twitter.com/rc5qegiqad"
