"$atvi ... the new update to one of their most popular games ""hearthstone"" is awesome. investors should be happy with the amount of things the company is doing to make the players (who are becoming more and more everyday) happy and keen on the game."
"$atvi... the new update for one of their most popular games ""hearthstone"" is awesome. investors should be satisfied with the amount of things the company is doing to make the players (who are getting more and more every day) happy and enthusiastic about the game."
investors should be pleased with the amount of things the company is doing to keep gamblers (who are becoming more and more daily) happy and engaged.
"$atvi... the new soundtrack to one of their immensely popular games ""hearthstone"" sounds awesome. investors should be happy with the amount of things the company is doing to make the players who are becoming more and more sophisticated) happy and keen on the game."
"$ atvi... the new update to their one of then their most so popular games "" hearthstone "" is absolutely awesome. investors should certainly be extremely happy with the amount done of things the publishing company is actually doing to make the players ( who are becoming more and more everyday ) happy and keen on the next game."
"$atvi... the new update to one about their most popular local ""hearthstone"" is awesome. players should be impressed with the amount of things the company is doing to keep the players (who am becoming more and more everyday) impressed and keen with the projects."
haven’t said this in a long time. but hearthstone is good right now.
"i haven't said that for a long time
"haven didn't talk about it for a long time
haven’t said this at a long time. but hearthstone is precious right now.
... haven ’ t said much this in a long time. but hearthstone is pretty good right now.
haven’t said this in a long time. this hearthstone is good stuff now.
"a lot of you are new since the last couple hearthstone expansions (. ) but for any of you that may be huge deck builder fans like me
"many of you are new since the last two hearthstone expansions (.)
"many of you are new since hearthstone's latest extensions (.)
"a couple of you are new watching the last couple hearthstone expansions (. ) but for any of you that may enjoy huge deck builder fans like us
"... a lot of you are new since the only last couple the hearthstone expansions (. ) but for any of above you characters that may also be huge deck builder fans like me
"the lot of you are new since your last couple hearthstone expansions (. ) but for any among you that may be huge ship builder<unk> like me
"hey
"hey
