good flow tonight. jimmy is back at the arena after a couple of disappointing defeats by the druids on the ladder and 6 wins with demon hunter. thanks a lot to pandahulk for cooping. bonus stream tomorrow afternoon with @ ckecholm working. hope you join us if you're free.
good stream tonight. jumped back into arena after a couple bad druid losses on ladder and got 6 wins with demon hunter. big thanks to pandahulk worth cooping. bonus stream tomorrow afternoon with @ckeckholm is pretty work. hope you'll stop my – you're free.
good stream later tonight. jumped me back into 3 arena square after going a couple bad east druid losses and on ladder and got 6 wins alone with demon hunter. big thanks thanks to pandahulk for cooping. bonus stream early tomorrow afternoon with @ckeckholm is at work. hope you'll join us if you're free.
good stream ever. jumped back into arena with a couple bad few losses on ladder and got 6 wins with demon kings. so thanks to pandahulk for cooping. bonus stream tomorrow playing with @ckeckholm is at work. hope you'll hang in after you're free.
"clips.twitch.tv/smallfurioushi…. . if you know enough about hearthstone
"clips.twitch.tv / smallfurioushi.... if you know enough about hearthstone
"clips.tch.tv / smallfurioushi.... if you know enough about hearthstone
"clips.twitch.tv/smallfurioushi…. . if you know enough about hearthstone
"5 clips.twitch.tv/smallfurioushi…. . if you know enough about hearthstone
<unk>
come help make an otk priest tonight at 9:30pm mst. it is going to be a ton of fun! don’t miss out!. twitch.tv/hellsf1rst. . fb.me/e/fj0rqwf02. .
come along and make tonight at 21: 30 mst an otk priest. it will be a lot of fun! do not miss!. twitch.tv / hellsf1rst... fb.me / e / fj0rqwf02..
come and help us make a report today at 21: 30 moscow time. it's going to be fun! don't miss it!
come help make an otk priest tonight at 9:30pm mst. it is going to be a ton of fun! don’t miss out!. twitch.tv/hellsf1rst. . fb.me/e/fj0rqwf02. .
w come help make an otk priest tonight at 9:30pm mst. it is going to be a ton of fun! don’t miss out!. twitch.tv/hellsf1rst. . fb.me/e/fj0rqwf02. .
we
all of these videos are getting me really excited for lor. i doubt it would ever replace hearthstone forms but videos like this show you how fun the game can be.
"all these videos really excite me about lor. i doubt it would ever replace the shapes of heart stones
"all these videos make me really excited about lor. i doubt it will ever replace the heartstone shape
all of this videos are getting me really excited for lor. i doubt he<unk> ever replace hearthstone forms but videos like this show you how fun the game can be.
