borderlands 3 is good so far but... borderlands 2 certainly will always probably be the fav
<unk> 3 is good so far but guardian 2 will always be the fav
"finally got around to starting borderlands 3 this weekend
"finally i managed to start borderlands 3 this weekend
finally got to the launch of borderlands 3 this weekend and i'm already enjoying it... so well done...
"finally got around to starting borderlands 3 this weekend
"finally got around to officially starting borderlands 3 this whole weekend
"finally got around to starting borderlands 2 this weekend
what a night! i had heeps of fun playing borderlands 2! we're getting closer and closer towards the end! . . after the stream we raided @clocksydraws ! what a amazing streamer with beautiful art pieces! give him a follow if you don't already do! . . goodnight!. .
what a night! i had loads of fun playing borderlands 2! we are getting closer and closer to the end!.. after the stream we have raided @ clocksydraws! what an amazing streamer with beautiful artwork! give it a follow-up if you haven't done it yet!.. good night!.
what a night! i had fun playing borderlands 2! we're getting closer and closer to the end!... after the stream we drove through @ clocksydraws! what an amazing street with beautiful works of art! let him imitate if you haven't already!.. good night!..
what a night! i had heeps of fun playing borderlands 2! we're getting closer and closer towards this end!!. through the stream we raided @clocksydraws! what a amazing streamer for beautiful art pieces! give it a follow if you don't already do!<unk>. goodnight!..
but what a night! i had heeps of fun playing borderlands 2! we'll re getting any closer... and closer just towards the end!.. after the stream we raided @clocksydraws! a what brilliant a amazing streamer with beautiful art pieces! give him for a follow if you can don't already go do!.. goodnight!..
of a night! i just heeps in fun playing borderlands 2! we're getting closer and closer towards this end!.. after the stream was raided @clocksydraws! what a cool streamer with beautiful art pieces! give such a follow where we don't already so!.. goodnight!..
yoooooooooo i'm actually so hyped for this movie
yooooooooooo i'm really so puffed up for this movie
yooooooooo i'm actually so hyped for this movie
yoooooooooo i'm currently so hyped for this movie
yoooooooooo when i'm not actually so hyped for all this little movie
yoooooooooo i'm actually so hyped for that guy
