4 going live in 5 mins! going to play battlefield v with an awesome group of people. come watch at twitch.tv/colormericky!
has
ngl it's so fricking cool that dice's sound design team used literally the last japanese zero aeroplane with it's original engine to capture it's sounds and put them in battlefield v
"of course
it's so frighteningly cool that dees's sound design team used literally the last japanese zero-plain with the original engine to capture its sounds and place them in the v battlefield.
ngl it's so fricking cool that dice's sound design apparently used literally the biggest japanese zero integrated with it's original engine to capture it's sounds and put them in battlefield v
ngl thinks it's become so... fricking cool that dice's dream sound design team used literally the last japanese large zero type aeroplane with it's original engine to visually capture it's s sounds and put into them in battlefield v
ngl g's also fricking cool that fox's sound design team used literally the last japanese zero aeroplane with 80's original engine to capture it's sounds and air them in battlefield and
i really miss playing battlefield 4 but theres like no aussie servers anymore
"i really miss playing battleground 4
"i really miss playing battlefield 4
i really miss playing battlefield 4 but theres like no decent servers anymore
i really would miss playing battlefield 4 stars but theres like totally no aussie servers anymore
i really miss playing battlefield 4 but theres be no single servers anymore
enjoy the strength of the frostbite 2 technology in intense action packed fps battles in battlefield 3 ogreatgames.com/products/battl…
enjoy the power of frostbite 2 technology in intense action-packed fps battles in battlefield 3 ogreatgames.com / products / battl...
enjoy the power of frostbite 2 technology in the intense battles of fps in battlefield 3 ogreatgames.com / products / battle...
enjoy the strength of the quake 2 technology in intense action packed fps battles across battlefield 3 developer.com/products/battl…
enjoy the competitive strength of testing the pure frostbite 2 engine technology in solving intense action jam packed fps battles in usa battlefield 3 ogreatgames. com / products / battl …
enjoy the strength behind the frostbite 2 technology in live action and fps battles in detail with ogreatgames.com/products/battl...
