salam my name is immaduddin and i m new here and i have a request plz unban pubg bcz most of the people or player whom earn money and there families are very sad sont think glfor some people think for all over the pakistan ok
salam my name is immaduddin and i am new here and i have a request plz unban pubg bcz most people or players who make money and it families are very sad sont think glfor some people think ok for all over pakistan
salam my name is immaduddin and i m new here and i have a request plz unban pubg most of the people or player which earn money and there families are very sad sont think glfor some people think for all the countries ok
salam my name is immaduddin and i m from here and i have a request plz unban pubg bcz most of the people or player whom make money and there families actually very sad sont think glfor some people think in hell over the pakistan ok
ka salam my name is immaduddin and i m new here and i have a request plz in unban pubg bcz most of em the people or player for whom here earn money and down there some families are some very sad sont i think glfor some people think run for all over the pakistan ok
salam my name are immaduddin and i m new here and i have direct request plz unban pubg bcz most all the people or player whom earn wages and there families are very frank that un glfor few people think for all are the pakistan ok
wow
wow
wow
wow
and wow
wow
"i want to feel the way i felt when i played playerunknown's battlegrounds for the first time.. fuck. :"""
"i want to feel the way i felt when i first played playerunknown's battlegrounds. fuck.: """
"i want to feel what i felt when i played playerunknown's battlegrove for the first time.. fuck.: """
"i started to feel the way i felt after i played playerunknown's battlegrounds for the first time.. fuck. :"""
"i want to feel the the right way i felt today when i played playerunknown's new battlegrounds demo for it the first time.. fuck. : """
"i want to feel the way i feel because i watched hal's battlegrounds for the first time.. fuck. :"""
doing anything in extreme will cause  consequences...banning pubg is not the solution!
anything extreme will have consequences... banning the pubs is not the solution!
