faster connections = more lives saved. it’s so cool to see @verizon using their technology to help doctors deliver vital healthcare to underserved people!
faster connections = more lives saved. it's so cool to see @ verizon use their technology to help doctors deliver vital health care to underserved people!
it's so great to see @ verizon using their technology to help doctors deliver life-saving health care to underserved people!
faster lives = more lives preserved. just so cool to see @verizon using their technology to help doctors deliver vital healthcare to underserved people!
faster hospital connections = more human lives saved. it literally ’ s so... cool to see @verizon using all their technology to help doctors deliver vital healthcare products to underserved people!
faster connections = more lives saved. it’s so cool to see @verizon using their technology which assist doctors deliver vital healthcare for underserved environments!
proud to work at makers and @verizon — what a conference!
proud to work at makers and @ verizon - what a conference!
proud to work at makers and @ verizon - what a conference!
proud to win at makers and @verizon — what a conference!
joe proud to work at makers and with @verizon — to what a conference!
got to work at makers and conference — what a conference!
in 2020 if i call you and have to hear “please enjoy this verizon ringback tone while your party is reached” followed by beethoven go fuck yourself
"when i need to call you in 2020 and say
"in 2020
in conclusion if i call you and have to hear “please enjoy this verizon ringback tone while victory party is reached” followed by beethoven go fuck yourself
in 2020 if i wish call you and have something to hear “ it please enjoy this clear verizon ringback tone while your party is reached ” followed by simple beethoven just go fuck yourself
in fact if i call you and have to hear “please use this verizon ringback tone while your party is reached” sounded by beethoven go fuck can
"cancelled at&t yesterday
"canceled at & t yesterday
