"canceled at & t yesterday
"cancelled at&t yesterday
"cancelled in at & t yesterday
"cancelled at&t yesterday
"just ordered a new phone for my parents in sc so i can see their beautiful faces while speaking with them from nys. they are in their late 70's
"i've just ordered a new phone for my parents in sc so i can see their beautiful faces while talking to them about nys. they're in their late 70s
"they're in their late 70s
"just ordered much new phone for my parents in sc so i can see their beautiful faces while speaking with them in nys. they<unk> getting their late ties
"just then ordered a happy new phone deal for my parents back in sc miami so so i can see their beautiful faces while speaking with them from nys. they are in their late 70's
"just build a wall phone for my parents in sc so i can see their ugly faces while speaking with them during nys. they are in their ugly 70's
excited to have @verizon for support pic.twitter.com/cg2bjxkjci
excited to have @ verizon for support pic.twitter.com / cg2bjxkjci
excited to have @ verizon for support pic.wikipedia.org / cg2bjxkjci
excited to have rhandlerr for support pic.twitter.com/cg2bjxkjci
tv excited to have rhandlerr for support pic.twitter.com/cg2bjxkjci
we
v teamers are always willing to step up in a crisis. kathi m. is helping by sewing masks for covid relief efforts: “being able to work on a project that uses my skill and passion has been a blessing.” learn about volunteering with verizon now.
"v team members are always ready to step in during a crisis. kathi m. helps by sewing masks for covid relief efforts: ""it was a blessing to be able to work on a project that utilizes my skills and passion."" learn more about volunteering at verizon now."
"i help by sewing masks to help covid: ""the opportunity to work on a project that uses my skills and passion was brilliant."""
v teamers are always willing to step up in a crisis. kathi m. is helping by sewing dresses for harvey relief trips: “being able to work on a project that uses my skill ful passion has been a blessing.” learn is volunteering with verizon now.
