also v teamers are being always willing to step up activities in a crisis. kathi m. is helping by sewing masks for covid relief efforts : 7 “ being able especially to work on a project that uses up my skill pitch and passion all has been a blessing. ” learn about volunteer volunteering with verizon just now.
response teamers are always able to step up during a crisis. kathi e. hope helping by sewing masks for covid relief efforts: “being able to work on a project that uses my skill and dedication has always a blessing.” learn about helping with verizon now.
today i switched back to verizon i now have oann and newsmax.   haven't watched fox since fox and friends.   it's a great day.
today i switched back to verizon and now have oann and newsmax. i haven't seen fox since fox and friends. it's a great day.
"today i'm back at verizon
today i switched back to verizon i now have oann and newsmax.   haven't watched fox since fox closed friends.   it's been great watch.
today i have switched at back to verizon i now have some oann and newsmax. haven'n t watched fox again since fox and friends. but it's had a great day.
today i switched back to verizon i now have oann and comcast. haven't forgotten fox or fox and white. it's a great day.
hey @twitchsupport  i’m having issues broadcasting with my @comcastbusiness  internet. but not with my verizon hotspot. can you and comcast please try and figure out what’s broken between you two :(
hello @ twitchsupport i'm having problems with my @ comcastbusiness internet. but not with my verizon hotspot. can you and comcast please try to figure out what's broken between the two of you: (
hey @ tchsupport i'm happy broadcasting with my @ comcastbusiness internet. but not with my verizon hotspot. can you and comcast please try to find out what is broken between you two: (
hey asus  still having issues broadcasting into my @twitchsupport  internet. but not with my verizon hotspot. can you and comcast please try and figure out what’s broken up you two :(
hey @twitchsupport i ’ m always having issues broadcasting with my @comcastbusiness internet. but... not with about my usual verizon communications hotspot. can not you help and comcast please actually try and again figure out... what ’ s broken between you two : (
via @twitchsupport i’m having issues broadcasting with this @comcastbusiness internet. but not from my verizon hotspot. help you and comcast guys try and figure up what’s broken between you two :(
"after 19 years
"after 19 years
"after 19 years
"after 19 years
"but after my 19 years
"after 19 years
