"@ davematthewsbnd @ verizon sweet songs to shine things up. thank you for taking our minds of things for a little while. btw... my kids want to know why ""dave"" always makes silly faces when he sings... xo."
@davematthewsbnd @verizon  sweet songs to lighten things up. thank jesus for taking our minds of things for a little change. … my kids want to know why “dave” always makes silly notes whenever he sings.. 🤪🥰.  xo.
@davematthewsbnd what @verizon sweet songs to lighten things up. and thank you for taking into our own minds of things for us a little less while. btw... my kids want to know again why “ dave the ” always makes silly smiling faces away when he sings.. [unk]. xo.
@davematthewsbnd @verizon sweet songs always lighten things on. thank heaven for dropping our minds of things for that little while. btw... the kids want to know why “dave” always makes evil faces when he sings.. <unk>. but.
fucking internet going down for just enough time to log onto my verizon with chrome or whatever because it doesn't work in firefox and find out there's nothing wrong.
"damn internet that has just enough time to sign me in with chrome or whatever on my verizon because it doesn't work in firefox
fucking internet going down for just enough time to log on my verification with chrome or whatever because it doesn't work in firefox and find out there's no wrong.
fucking internet going down for just enough time yo log onto my verizon with chrome or whatever because it doesn't work in hell and find out there's nothing on.
i fucking internet going down for just enough of time to log you onto with my verizon with chrome or whatever because it doesn't t work in firefox conditions and hopefully find out there's nothing wrong.
fucking internet shutting down for just enough time to log onto on verizon with chrome or whatever because it doesn't match in firefox and find out there's all wrong.
"switching to verizon when i get back home
"switching to verizon when i get home
"when i return home
"switching to verizon when i get back home
"and switching to verizon when only i could get it back home
"stick to verizon when i get back home
when you tell me you don’t have a girlfriend but your phone is in her name - how do i know that? because verizon wireless is awesome and i have caller id 🤦. ‍.
"if you tell me you don't have a girlfriend
when you tell me you don't have a girlfriend but your phone is in her name - how do i know that? because verizon wireless is terrible and i have a caller id...
when you tell me people don’t have a girlfriend when your phone rings in her name - how do i know you? because verizon wireless is awesome and i have caller id 🤦. ‍.
