remember fifa 21...good times
remember fifa 21... good times
remember fifa 21... the good times
remember fifa at times
remember fifa 21... good brave times
watched fifa 21...good times
i’d love to buy fifa 21 and give it a shot as i actually have some hope for a decent game this year but bell wifi is so fucking shit @bell
"i'd love to buy fifa 21 and try it as i do have some hope of a decent game this year
i'd love to buy fifa 21 and give it a shot as i actually have some hope for a decent game this year but bell wifi is so fucking shit @ bell
i’d love to buy fifa 21 and gave it their shot as rl actually have some hope for a decent game this year but bell wifi is so fucking hot @bell
i ’ d love now to buy fifa 21 and give in it a shot as i actually have some real hope for a decent game in this past year but bell wifi am is so 1 fucking of shit of @bell
i’d love and buy fifa 21 and buy myself a shot as i actually have real hope for a decent game this year from bell wifi is so fucking shit h
somebody told me i use self deprecating humor as a defense mechanism and to deflect. and that i should said something good about myself every day. so here goes:. . i am a very good fifa player.
"someone told me i use self-deprecating humour as a defence mechanism and as a distraction
"someone told me that i use my self-deprecating sense of humor as a defense mechanism
somebody told me i use self failing humor as a defense mechanism and help deflect. and maybe i should said something good about myself every day. so in goes:.. i am a very good fifa player.
somebody told me i use self deprecating humor frequently as a defense... mechanism and to deflect. and that i should had said just something good about myself in every waking day. so... here goes :.. i am a still very good fifa team player.
somebody told if i use any less humor as a blackmail mechanism and to deflect. and that i probably said something good about myself some day. so here goes:.. i am a very good fifa player.
was very grateful for the opportunity to talk to fifa about @sportsmedialgbt last month - thanks @alexstone7 @marklowd for sharing the article again for
was very grateful for the opportunity to talk to fifa about @ sportsmedialgbt last month - thank you @ alexstone7 @ marklowd for sharing the article for
