this isn't amateur hour! i'm still crushing some red dead redemption ii.. mixer.com/captnsean1138
this is not an amateur hour! i am still crushing some red dead redemption ii.. mixer.com / captnsean1138
it's not amateur hour! i'm still crashing some red dead redeeming ii.. mixer.com / capssean1138
this isn't our hour! we still crushing some red dead redemption ii.. mixer.com/captnsean1138
no this isn'your t amateur hour! i'm not still crushing some dead red red dead redemption ii.. mixer. com / live captnsean1138
shit isn't total crap! i'm still crushing on red dead redemption ii.. mixer.com/captnsean1138
red dead redemption 2 is awesome because i put my controller down for a second and now i’m wanted for murder
red dead redemption 2 is awesome because i switched off my controller for a second and am now wanted for murder
red dead 2 is horrible because i put a corpse down for a second and now i'm wanted for murder
red dead redemption 2 is awesome because i put my controller down for a second and now<unk> wanted for murder
red dead redemption player 2 is awesome good because i put my playstation controller down for a brief second and now i ’ m wanted for murder
red dead redemption episode is terrible because i slammed my controller down for a second and now i’m wanted for murder
i have replayed red dead redemption one and two multiple times and they always get me in the feels
"i repeated ""red dead redemption"" once or twice
i've played red and white once or twice and they always make me feel good
i have replayed red dead redemption one - two other times and they always get me in the feels
i have been replayed red dead redemption one and two handed multiple times and they would always get me in through the feels
i have worn red dead one one and two multiple times and things always get me in the feels
"in no order
in no order do i love them all equally... 1. hazbin hotel. 2. shera pop. 3. promare. 4. undertale. 5. hamilton. 6. horizon: zerodawn. 7. red dead redemption. 8. jake long: the american dragon. 9. the last of us. 10. dear evan hansen
