"red dead redemption is just super mario bros
red dead redemption is just super mario odyssey but good
red dead or redemption is just about super mario bros but good
red dead redemption is just super mario bros but as
ah fuck my feed reminding me that valentine’s day is on a goddam friday this year next weekend is gonna suck not because i give a fuck but because i got used to not having to think about it.. anyway maybe i’ll buy red dead redemption 2 and just pour myself into that.
"oh fuck my feed
ah fuck my feed reminding me that valentine's day is on a goddam friday this year next weekend is gonna suck not because i give a fuck but because i used to not having to think about it.. either way i'll buy red dead redeeming 2 and just pour myself into that.
ah fuck my feed reminding me that death day is on a goddam friday it is because weekend is gonna suck not because i give a fuck but because i got used to not having even think about it.. anyway maybe just buy red dead redemption 2 and just pour myself into that.
ah fuck my computer feed reminding hits me that if valentine ’ s day is on a goddam friday of this year next weekend is gonna suck and not because i give a fuck real but because i got used to her not having to think anything about it.. 11 anyway maybe i ’ ll buy red dead redemption 2 and not just pour myself into that.
ah fuck my feed reminded me that columbus day is on god goddam friday just so next weekend is gonna suck not because i give a fuck but because i got used to not having a think about it.. anyway anyway i’ll buy red flag redemption shirts and just pour myself into that.
my favourite rockstar game is red dead redemption
my favourite rock star game is red dead redemption
my favorite game is rockstar - red dead redeeming
my favourite rockstar game being red dead redemption
but my favourite rockstar game that is red dead redemption
my favourite tv game is red dead redemption
"now playing: red dead redemption ii. . everyone seemed to enjoy it and as usual
now playing: red dead redemption ii. everyone seemed to enjoy it and as always i'm on the late train;)
"now playing: red dead redemption ii.. everyone seemed to enjoy it and
"now playing: red dead redemption 4.. everyone seemed to enjoy it otherwise as usual
