pewpew red dead redeeming: tch.tv / stabbytabbycat
hey it's been a long while. pewpew red dead redemption 2. twitch.tv/stabbytabbycat
• hey it's been a long while. pewpew red dead redemption 2. twitch.tv/stabbytabbycat
from
treated myself to a ps4 a few months ago after not having a games console for about 20 years. bought a game called red dead redemption 2. just finished it. jesus what an emotional rollercoaster of a game. masterpiece .
"i treated myself to a ps4 a few months ago after not having a game console for 20 years. i bought a game called red dead redemption 2. i just finished it. jesus
bought a game called red dead redeemption 2. just finished. jesus what an emotional roller game. a masterpiece.
treated dad to a ps4 a few months ago after not having a personal console for about 20 years. bought a game … red dead redemption 2. just finished it. jesus what an emotional rollercoaster of a game. masterpiece...
treated myself soon to be a ps4 a few months ago after just not having used a games game console for about a 20 years. bought a game called red dead redemption 2. just finished it. jesus what was an emotional... rollercoaster game of fucking a game. masterpiece.
treated myself to a ps4 about few months just after actually having a games console here approximately six years. bought a game called red dead redemption 2. just finished it. jesus was an emotional rollercoaster of a game. masterpiece.
"i am really enjoying playing call of duty instead of fortnite here lately. been playing warzone
"i've been enjoying playing call of duty instead of fortnite here lately. i play warzone
"i really enjoy playing call of duty instead of playing late here. i played warzone
"i am really enjoying playing world of duty instead of fortnite here lately. sometimes playing warzone
"i actually am really quite enjoying playing a call of duty instead of visiting fortnite here lately. been playing warzone
"myself am really playing playing call of duty instead of fortnite more lately. been playing warzone
"have any of you played call of duty black ops 3???. it has a plot that is so mind blowing
did any of you play call of duty black ops 3??? it has a plot so mind-blowing it's easy to keep up with inception (another of my favourites).
did any of you play call of duty black ops 3???
"have any of our played call of duty black ops 3???. it has an plot that is so mind blowing
