so since valorant and call of duty cold war is considered porn according to @twitch i will not be streaming for 7 days i applied the suspension. so we will have to wait and see what happens. love you guys. i will still be on discord and still gaming. much love to all. < 3
"since valorant and call of duty cold war are considered porn according to @ twitch
"so since valorant and call of duty are considered pornography
so since hacking and call of duty 3 war is considered porn according to @twitch i will not come posted for 7 days i applied the game. so we will have to wait for see what happens. love you guys. i will still be on discord and still gaming. much love to all. < 3
− so since the valorant and call of duty cold sea war is considered as porn according to @twitch i will not be streaming for 7 days i applied the suspension. so we all will both have days to wait hard and see what happens. love you guys. now i will still somehow be on discord and still gaming. much love to all. < 3
so since valorant and call of duty cold war is considered porn according to @twitch i will not be performing for 7 months i applied light suspension. so we will have you wait and wonder if happens. love you guys. i will still find making discord and still moving. send love to all. < 3
nothing disappointing about this.
nothing disappointing about it.
there is nothing disappointing about that.
nothing disappointing about her.
15 nothing disappointing about this.
profoundly disappointing about this.
i get excited about playing call of duty .  don’t be hating
i'm excited to play call of duty.
i'm excited about playing on call.
i get excited about playing neglect of duty.  don’t be hating
i get excited about playing call of protective duty. don ’ t be... hating
i not excited about playing call of duty. don’t be me
here’s a montage of me saving my squad mate @spreadlovehxly a few times the other day. picking up squad mates is one of the best parts in the game!. .
here's a montage of me saving my teammate @ spreadlovehxly a few times the other day.
