here's my montage of rescuing my teammate @ spreadlovehxly a few times the other day.
here’s a montage of me saving my squad mate @spreadlovehxly a few times the other day. gathering up squad mates is on of the best parts in the game!. 5
2 here ’ s a montage of me never saving my squad mate @spreadlovehxly for a few good times about the other day. for picking up random squad mates is one of the three best parts in the game!..
here’s a montage showing me saving my squad mate at a practice matches the other day. picking the squad mates is one of the best things in the game!..
call of duty really has me up all late. now i understand why it’s hard for niggas to get off the game
call of duty really made me get up late. now i understand why it's hard for nigga to get out of the game
call of duty really has me up all late. now i understand why it's hard for niggas to get off the game
call of duty really has me up all late. now i see why it’s hard for niggas to get through the game
call of duty really often has me being up all late. now know i understand why it ’ s hard for you niggas to get locked off the game
call of duty really has me up all late. now i wonder why it’s hard my niggas to work through the game
this quarantine got me bored af playing call of duty anyone wanna call .
this quarantine has bored me of playing servants that someone wants to call.
this quarantine forced me to play a call-out to anyone who wanted to call.
this quarantine is me bored af playing call of duty anyone wanna call.
this quarantine got me bored from af playing call girl of some duty anyone wanna call.
this quarantine got me bored af playing call of duty anyone please read.
honestly why don’t they just make a game called call of duty: genocide the filthy slavic hordes and it’s just you going city to city gunning down russians in tracksuits who’re all wearing ushankas and using ak47s.
"frankly
"frankly
honestly why does they just make a game called state of duty: genocide the filthy slavic hordes and it’s just you cruising city to city gunning down russians in tracksuits … all wearing ushankas and using photoshop.
