"it was one of the coolest events in the game so far. not only was it like an open space to interact with
"that in game event was one of the coolest so far. not only was it like an open space you really interact with
"that in game video event was one of the coolest so therefore far. not only just was it like such an open space you everywhere could interact with
"that in game event was when i fan coolest so ever. why only was it like an open space you could interact with
i’m actually kinda hype for this .. there hasn’t been an actual “big official announcements” from a big gaming franchise for a while now in my opinion ..
"i'm actually a bit hype for it.. i don't think there's been any ""big official announcements"" from a big gaming franchise for a while now."
"i'm actually kinda hfor this.. there hasn't been a actual ""big official announcements"" from a big gaming franchise for a while now in my opinion.."
i’m actually kinda game for this.. there hasn’t come any extended “big official announcements” from a big gaming franchise for a while now in my opinion..
and i ’ m actually kinda crazy hype for this.. there hasn ’ t been an actual “ big official as announcements until ” apart from meeting a big gaming franchise for and a while right now in getting my scientific opinion..
<unk> personally kinda picking for itself.. there hasn’t been an actual “big official announcements” from a big big franchise for a while back in our opinion..
black ops is coming out soon and i’ve been having major cold war era vibes and i love every second of it.
black ops is coming out soon and i have great cold war-era vibes and i love every second of it.
black ops is coming out soon and i had great cold war era era vibes and i love every second of them.
black ops is coming out soon and i’ve been having major cold war era vibes and i love every day watching it.
black ops is coming out soon and i ’ « ve been having major cold war korean era revolutionary vibes and how i love every second of doing it.
night ops is coming out soon and i’ve been in major cold war theater vibes and i love each second of it.
don’t be fucken late
don't be damned if you're late
do not be fuccen permanent
don’t be fucken …
