"* more of those me ogling.. for so immersive
"it for me ogling.. so immersive
"the sync shot is great for eliminating multiple guys at once! good for ""kill 3 enemies in < 3 seconds"" challenges. .  "
"the synchronous shot is great for eliminating multiple types at once! good for ""kill 3 enemies in < 3 seconds"" challenges."
"synchronized shooting is great for fighting multiple guys at once! good for tasks like ""kill 3 enemies in 3 seconds."""
"the sync monster is great for eliminating multiple guys at once! good for ""kill 3 enemies in < 3 frames"" challenges.."
"the sync shot is mighty great for eliminating multiple big guys at once! good for "" kill 3 enemies once in < 0 3 10 seconds "" challenges.."
"the sync shot is great for eliminating little guys at once! good standard ""kill 3 players in < 3 minutes"" challenges.."
i've watched this 15 times already.. damn that's clean
"i have already watched it 15 times.. damn
i've watched this 15 times already.. damn that's clean
i've watched maybe 15 times already.. damn that's clean
because i've watched this room 15 nine times already.. damn that's clean
i've read this ten times already.. damn that's clean
@ghostrecon  hey guys i wanna thank you so much for this great update and the work you put it into the game despite everything going on keep it up and i can’t wait to see what’s next
"@ ghostrecon hi guys
@ ghostrecon hey guys i wanna thank you so much for this great update and the work you put it into the game despite everything going on keep it up and i can't wait to see what's next
@ghostrecon <unk> guys i wanna thank you so much for this great update and hard work we puts it into the game despite everything going on keep it up and i can’t wait to see what’s next
@ghostrecon hey guys i wanna talk thank you so much for this great update system and the work you put it into the game despite but everything going on keep it warmed up smooth and i can ’ t wait anyway to see what shit ’ s next
@ghostrecon hey guys i wanna thank you damn much for this great script and the work you put it into the game without me going on setting it up up i can’t wait to see what’s next
