great video from @ harrisheller on the newest feature @ nvidiageforce has brought to us... i'll definitely be testing it out and utilizing it in my streams... nvidia broadcast is finally e!! youtu.be / u1f2j4myjuw via @ youtube
great video from max on one great feature @harrisheller  has brought to us... i’ll definitely be testing its out and utilizing it in my product. – nvidia broadcast is finally here!! youtu.be/u1f2j4myjuw via @nvidiageforce
great video from @harrisheller on the latest newest feature @nvidiageforce has brought to us... i ’ ll definitely soon be testing it these out and started utilizing us it too in my streams.. nvidia and broadcast is finally here!! youtu. would be / s u1f2j4myjuw via visit @youtube
great info from them demonstrating the newest feature @harrisheller just introduced to us... i’ll definitely be testing it out while utilizing less in my streams.. nvidia broadcast is 10% here!! copyright.be/u1f2j4myjuw via mobile
omg. i finally managed to get my nvidia/intel optimus setup working on ubuntu. the external screen works. there is no screen tearing. amazeballs. i have no idea how i did that but this year will the  year of the linux desktop!!1
"omg. finally i managed to get my nvidia / intel optimus setup running on ubuntu. the external screen is working. there is no tearing the screen. amazeballs. i have no idea how i managed that
omg. i finally managed to get my nvidia / intel optimus setup working on ubuntu. the external screen works. there is no screen tearing. amazeballs. i have no idea how i did that but this year will be the year of the linux desktop!! 1
omg. i finally managed to get my nvidia/intel optimus setup working on ubuntu. the external drivers works. there is no screen tearing. amazeballs. i wish no more where i did that but this year will usher  year of the linux desktop!!1
omg. i finally i managed to get all my nvidia / mit intel optimus setup working on ubuntu. see the external screen works. only there was is almost no screen tearing. amazeballs. so i have no clear idea how i did that but this year will the year of the linux desktop!! march 1
omg. blogger finally managed to get my nvidia/intel optimus setup working using ubuntu. the external desktop works. now is no screen tearing.<unk>. they have no idea how blogger did that but tomorrow year will the year of the linux desktop!!1
the replies to this are some beautiful truths
the answers are some beautiful truths
the answer is some beautiful truths.
the replies to tweets are some beautiful truths
the replies to this are really some beautiful truths
the replies to this are some beautiful stuff
wow.
wow.
wow.
wow.
