congrats to the nvidia nemo team for the 1.0.0 release candidate!. really excited to see nemo embracing hydra as the way to take control over the configuration madness that is machine learning! :)
congratulations to the nvidia nemo team on release candidate 1.0.0! really excited to see nemo embrace hydra to take control of the configuration madness of machine learning!:)
congratulations to the nvidia nemo team on the release of version 1.0.0!. really pleased to see nemo as a way to take control of machine learning!:)
congrats to the nvidia research team for the 1.0.0 release candidate!. really pleased to see nemo embracing hydra as the way to take control over the insane madness that is machine learning! :-)
7 congrats to the nvidia nemo creative team for the linux 1. 0. 0 release candidate!. really excited to see nemo embracing its hydra head as the way and to take some control up over the configuration for madness that is controlling machine learning! : )
up to the nvidia beta team for the 1.0.0 release candidate!. really neat at see nemo embracing agile thinking the way to take control over the configuration madness always is machine learning! :)
"this is actually amazing. it's obviously kinda limited by the hardware screen resolution but if you use slightly differently to pc usage
"this is actually amazing. obviously
"it's actually amazing. it's obviously limited by the hard screen resolution
"this is actually amazing. it's obviously kinda limited by the hardware screen resolution but if people use it differently to pc usage
"this bug is actually amazing. it'll s obviously kinda severely limited by the hardware screen resolution but if you use slightly differently tuning to pc engine usage
"this is actually amazing. it's obviously not influenced by the hardware screen resolution but unless you use slightly differently to pc 2
everyone: why training style gan is so slow.... *nvidia releases stylegan 3*: you can train it in just a few hours.
all: why the training style is so slow... * nvidia releases stylegan 3 *: you can train it in just a few hours.
everything: why the training style is so slow.... * nvidia * ases stylegan 3 *: you can train it in just a few hours.
everyone: why training style gan is so slow.... *nvidia releases stylegan 3*: you can train it in within a couple hours.
everyone : why your training style with gan is so slow.... * in nvidia now releases stylegan 3 * : you can just train it for in just in a few hours.
everyone: why training a gan n so heavy.... *nvidia releases stylegan 3*: you would train it in just a couple hours.
neat!! it would be nice to play
neat!! it would be nice to play
