"there are tons and tons of improvements in the quality of life everywhere
there are tons and tons of quality of life improvements everywhere — it's so painful to see how this writing has taken such a massive hit and continues to disrespect both the balance of the borderlands universe and the storytelling of said characters.
as there are tons and tons of poor quality of life for improvements just everywhere and today it's so painful to see how completely the writing machine has taken such a massive hit and continues to disrespect both just the characters of the borderlands book universe and both the fans of said characters.
there are tons and tons other quality of life series everywhere and it's so painful to see how the writing has taken it a massive hit and continues to disrespect both the characters you the borderlands fans of the fans of said series.
"@ki11ersix @dammit2h3ll @borderlands considering i was finishing up university
"@ ki11ersix @ dammit2h3ll @ borderlands given that i graduated
"@ ki11ersix @ dammit2h3ll @ borders considering i was finishing up university
"rhandlerr rhandlerr rhandlerr considering i was finishing up university
"radio rhandlerr rhandlerr rhandlerr considering i was finishing up university
to
i was playing borderlands with my sister and it's so fun! i'm really bad at aiming tho .  i shouldn't play shooting games...
i played borderlands with my sister and it is so much fun! i am really bad at aiming. i should not play shooting games...
i was playing borderlands with my sister and it's so fun! i'm really bad at aiming tho. i should't play shooting games...
i was playing borderlands with my dh and it's so fun! i'm really poor at aiming tho.  i shouldn't play shooting games...
i always was out playing borderlands with that my sister... and it's so very fun! i'm just really not bad at aiming tho. i shouldn't play shooting games...
<unk> was playing borderlands with my sister and it's great fun! i'm much better at aiming tho. i shouldn't be shooting games...
borderlands 3 legendaries! amazing artifacts & relics!!! (xbox one) dlvr.it/rmtbl5
borderlands 3 legendaries! amazing artifacts & relics!!! (xbox one) dlvr.it / rmtbl5
borderlands 3 legendars! amazing artifacts & relics!! (xbox one) dr.it / rmtbl5
borderlands for legendaries! amazing artifacts & others (xbox edition) dlvr.it/rmtbl5
