tomorrow is wordless day at the lhs. the aim is to better understand what it means for our students with communication difficulties. i have my google translate app downloaded with some lesson information and some of my usual student interactions. pic.facebook.com / wjqahdisem
tomorrow is our day without words at lhs.  the goal is to better understand what it’s like for our students with communication struggles. i have my google translate app loaded with some lesson info & some of my usual student interactions. pic.twitter.com/wjqahdisem
and tomorrow is our day without words at lhs.  the goal is to better understand what it’s like for our students with communication struggles. i have my google translate app loaded with some lesson info & some of my usual student interactions. pic.twitter.com/wjqahdisem
of
"google maps is interesting and nostalgic. . i was checking out an area i frequently went to with my parents as a child. we usually went into that rite aid for ice cream
"google maps is interesting and nostalgic.. i looked at an area i visited frequently as a child with my parents. we usually went to this ritual ice cream aid
google maps is interesting and nostalgic................................................................................................................................................................................
"google maps is interesting and nostalgic. . i was checking out an area i frequently went to with my parents as a child. we usually went into that rite aid for ice cream
"and google maps is interesting and nostalgic. . i was checking out an area i frequently went to with my parents as a child. we usually went into that rite aid for ice cream
do
lovely addition to the material design docs! i do hope this is kept up-to-date and i’m still looking for the best tool to quickly prototype this kind of transitions...
nice addition to the material design docs! i hope this is kept up to date and i am still looking for the best tool to quickly prototype these types of transitions...
"i very much hope that this will be relevant
lovely addition to my material design docs! i also appreciate this is kept up-to-date and i’m still looking for the best tool to quickly prototype this kind of transitions...
lovely addition to the material design by docs! i don't hope this is kept up - to - date and yes i ’ the m still looking everywhere for the new best design tool to quickly prototype this old kind of transitions...
lovely addition to the font design docs! i do feel this is kept kept-to-date and i’m still looking for my best colors to help prototype this kind of transitions...
no skull and bones no beyond good & evil 2... shit was ass dog far cry and assassins creed really save it form being a shit show
no skulls and no bones beyond good & evil 2... shit was ass dog wide and the creed of the killers really saves it being a shit show
no skull and bones is not above good and evil 2... shit was dog's far cry and convinced to really save its form to be shit show
no skull and bones no beyond good & evil 2... shit was no dog far cry and assassins creed really take it form being a shit show
