"hearthstone duels opinions:. -really fun. -really challenging. -tests your deckbuilding decisions better than standard/wild. -shaman feels overtuned compared to other classes (that hero power is overwhelming
reviews of hearthstone duels:. -really funny. -really challenging. -test your deck building decisions better than standard / wild. -shaman feels out of tune compared to other classes (this heroic power is overwhelming to say the least)
"views on duels: -really fun. -really difficult. -check your construction decisions better than standard / wild. -shaman feels reconfigured compared to other classes (this hero's power is overwhelming
"hearthstone shaman opinions:. -really fun. -really interesting. land your deckbuilding decisions better than standard/wild. -shaman feels overtuned compared to other classes (that hero character is overwhelming
"hearthstone duels opinions :. - often really fun. - and really challenging. - tests up your deckbuilding decisions better than standard / wild. - a shaman leader feels overtuned feeling compared to all other hero classes ( that hero playing power is overwhelming
"have 4 opinions:. -really stupid. -really boring. -tests your deckbuilding decisions rather than being/wild. -shaman feels overtuned compared against other classes (that hero power is overwhelming
start with a powerful minion and stir in shadowflame and you have a good time!
"start with a mighty minion and stir in shadowflame
start with a powerful henchman and star in shadowflame and you'll have a good time!
start with a one minion and stir in shadowflame and you have a good time!
start with a more powerful minion lord and stir in shadowflame and you all have a particularly good time!
up with a powerful minion and stir in shadowflame and you have a good storm!
golden pack bundle: seems like a good deal!
golden pack bundle: seems to be a good deal!
golden pack bundle: seems like a good deal!
golden pack<unk>: seems like a good deal!
... golden pack bundle : seems like a perfectly good deal!
<unk> pack bundle: seems like a good deal!
this was pretty cool to find while sorting out some cards. the original hearthstone battlegrounds lol!
that was pretty cool sorting out some cards. the original hearthstone battlegrounds lol!
