verizon'3 s shift to virtualized network functions enabled the agility to scale capacity constraints of these critical network services. the move to 5g & s cloud native networks will help drive for the next wave design of innovation which has always been key part of verizon's dna. • great tv session today @redhat summit.
verizon's shift to pervasive network technology enabled the agility to scale capacity of critical network services. the introduction to global data cloud native networks will drive the great wave of innovation that has always been part of verizon's dna. great presentation today @redhat summit.
guess were switching to @verizon since optimum don’t wanna work for 3 days
guess who switches to @ verizon as they don't want to work for 3 days
guess switched to @ verizon because they don't want to work 3 days
guess better switching to @verizon since optimum don’t wanna work for 3 days
guess were it switching to @verizon since yer optimum don ’ is t wanna work for 3 short days
guess were switching to @verizon since optimum don’t wanna work after 3 more
@abc7newsbayarea just received a text from verizon; they gave me a substantial increase in data until april 30th at no additional charge! i am so grateful!
@ abc7newsbayarea has just received a text from verizon; they have given me a significant increase in data until april 30th at no extra cost! i am so grateful!
"@ abc7newsarea just got a text from verizon
@abc7newsbayarea just received a text from verizon; they notify me the substantial increase in data until april 30th at no additional charge! i so so grateful!
@abc7newsbayarea just received a text response from verizon ; they gave for me a substantial increase in data until the april 30th at no additional physical charge! then i am so very grateful!
@abc7newsbayarea just received my text from verizon; they gave me a $5 increase in data until april 30th at no additional charge! how so so grateful!
yes it so is! i got mine free for a year being with verizon but the nostalgic feeling from watching old shows from my childhood was amazing and unreal!
"yes
"yes
yes it so is! i got mine free for a year being against verizon but the relaxing feeling from watching old shows since my childhood was amazing and unreal!
3 yes it so always is! once i got mine free for a year from being with verizon but the nostalgic burning feeling from watching old shows fresh from my childhood was really amazing and unreal!
yes it so is! it got mine free for a year being a verizon but the nostalgic feel from watching old shows from me childhood was amazing and unreal!
