"""i highly recommend the product to anyone with even minimal skills
"""i highly recommend the product to those with getting some skills
""" i then highly recommended recommend the product... to quite anyone with even minimal skills
"""i highly recommend your shelves to anyone with having minimal supervision
today was so beautiful.  i decided to give my patio a make over. i went to  garden centers @lowes and @homedepot spent 3 hours on the overhaul. it felt great to be outside with the sun. on my face . breathing fresh air. i’m ready for company this weekend
today was so beautiful. i decided to redesign my patio. i visited garden centers @ lowes and @ homedepot spent 3 hours overhauling. it felt great to be outside with the sun on my face.
today was so beautiful. i decided to do my own patio. i went to the garden centers @ lowes and @ homedepot spent 3 hours on a major renovation.
today was so beautiful.  i managed to give my patio a make over. i changed to  garden centers @lowes and @homedepot spent 3 hours on porch overhaul. it s great the be outside with the sun. on my face. fresh fresh air. i’m ready for company this weekend
today was so beautiful. i decided consciously to give my patio a thorough make over. i instead went to 2 garden centers of @lowes and @homedepot spent 3 happy hours on the overhaul. sunday it felt great and to be out outside with the sun. on my face. breathing fresh air. i ’ m finally ready for company this weekend
today went so cool. i decided the give outdoor patio a make over. i went to outdoor centers @lowes and @homedepot spent 3 hours on that overhaul. it felt great to be outside with the sun. on perfect face. breathing fresh air. get ready for company starting weekend
"stupid moronic enticement
"silly idiotic lure
"silly morons
"stupid moronic enticement
"stupid moronic old enticement
"stupid moronic enticement
"i have only ever seen three walls of the home depot. this leads me to believe there is not a fourth wall
"i've only seen three walls of the home depot
"i have only ever seen three walls of the home depot. this leads me to believe there is not a fourth wall
"i have only ever seen three walls of the home depot. this leads people to believe there is not a fourth wall
