good to be back. an amazing weekend clutching elite 1 on the rtg! couldn't have done it without all the love and support! y'all are the real goats and mean the world to me!. thank you all for bringing out the best in me and making fifa enjoyable in july! top 100 next?.  pic.twitter.com/l6kbj7bcdq
a great weekend with elite 1 on rtg! couldn't have happened without all the love and support! y'all are the real goats and mean the world to me!. thank you all for bringing out the best in me and making fifa so enjoyable in july! top 100 next?. pic.twitter.com / l6kbj7bcdq
great to be back. a fantastic weekend clinging to first place in group g! couldn't have done it without all the love and support! i'm all real goats and i mean the world to me!. thank you all for bringing out the best in me and making fife pleasant in july! top 100 next?. pic.facebook.com / l6kbj7bcdq
good to be back. an amazing weekend clutching elite 1 on the rtg! couldn't have done it without all the love and support! y'all are the real goats and mean the world to me!. thank you all for bringing out the best in me and making fifa enjoyable in july! top 100 next?.  pic.twitter.com/l6kbj7bcdq
v good to be back. an amazing weekend clutching elite 1 on the rtg! couldn't have done it without all the love and support! y'all are the real goats and mean the world to me!. thank you all for bringing out the best in me and making fifa enjoyable in july! top 100 next?.  pic.twitter.com/l6kbj7bcdq
of
fifa 14 soundtrack is so elite
fifa 14's soundtrack is so elitist
fifa 14 soundtrack is so elite
fifa fighting soundtrack is so elite
fifa 14 soundtrack it is so elite
fifa 14 soundtrack really so elite
touched fifa 20 after many months and it feels so out of control even tho i've been playing fifa for a decade .
"touched fifa 20 after many months and it feels so out of control
touched fifa 20 after many months and it feels so out of control even though i've been playing fifa for a decade.
touched turning 20 after many months and it feels so out of shape even tho i've been playing fifa for a decade.
touched fifa 20 leagues after many months and sometimes it feels ever so out of control even tho think i've even been playing fifa for a decade.
touched fifa four years many months after it became so out of control even tho i've been playing fifa for a decade.
copping fifa 21 tomorrow after saying i won’t buy another fifa game after the poor state of fifa 20 pic.twitter.com/it9pqzk0ao
"after saying that i won't buy another fifa game after the poor state of fifa 20
