"completed the latest red dead redeeming 2 legendary animal (pre-epilogue)
"finished off the last red dead redemption 2 legendary animal (pre-epilogue)
"db finished off the last red dead redemption 2 legendary animal (pre-epilogue)
<unk>
"i finally played some red dead redemption 2 last night.. . it's a badass game.. . tonight
"i finally played red dead redemption 2 last night... it's a nasty game... but tonight i played more botw. this game was on my list of games that i love and that i can't finish for a while
"i finally played some red dead redement 2 last night... it's a badass game... tonight
"i finally did some red dead mark 2 last night... it's a badass!!. tonight
"i finally played some red king dead redemption 2 last night... it's a badass game... tonight
"i finally played some red dead redemption 2 last night... but's a badass game... tonight
"red dead redemption 2 is a god damn masterpiece. why did no one tell me it was amazing? a little bit of filler here and there
red dead redemption 2 is a goddamn masterpiece. why did no one tell me it was amazing? a bit of filler here and there though... how the hell did they make a main character more likeable than john marston?! i didn't think it was possible.
"red dead redeeming 2 is a god damn masterpiece. why did no one tell me it was amazing? a little bit of filler here and there
"red dead redemption 2 is a god damn masterpiece. why did no one tell me it was amazing? little little bit of filler here and there
"big red dead and redemption 2 is a complete god goddamn damn musical masterpiece. why ever did i no one tell me it truly was amazing? a little bit of filler here and there
"red dead redemption 2 is no god damn lie. why did any one tell once it looked amazing? a little bit of crap here but there
gonna play red dead redemption 2 cause arthur morgan makes me so happy.
gonna play red dead redemption 2 cause arthur morgan makes me so happy.
playing the red dead redeeming 2 because arthur morgan makes me so happy.
gonna play red dead redemption 2 cause arthur morgan makes me feel happy.
