i absolutely am really excited about the new changes being be made in your @rainbow6game this next competitive season! i'e ll hopefully be live at almost 4pm cst to play on the test server server! come hang out and ask questions even if you have missed them!.. twitch. tv / atrudjentleman
i am really excited all the new stuff being planned in @rainbow6game this next season! i'll be live tomorrow 4pm cst to play on the entire server! come shoot out and take questions if you have them!.. v.tv/atrudjentleman
"@ubisoft @rainbow6game i love that you gave recruit these options to help new players into the game
@ ubisoft @ rainbow6game i love that you have given recruits these options to help new players in the game. could you add a shield load? shield / 5.7 handgun? very reliable gun to help them too.
"@ ubisoft @ rainbow6game i love that you gave recruit these options to help new players into the game
"@ubisoft @rainbow6game i love that you are recruit new items to help new players into the game
"@ubisoft @rainbow6game i would love that you both gave recruit hunters these options here to help new players into the game
"duty @ubisoft i love that you gave recruit these options to help new players into the sport
new video later gonna premiere at 12 and its gonna be a informative video to help you guys and improve and if your a beginner learn basics
new video will premiere later at 12 o'clock and it will be an informative video to help and improve you and if your beginner learns the basics
"the new video will premiere at the age of 12
new video later gonna premiere at 12 p its gonna be a informative video to help you guys and improve and if your a beginner learn basics
new video footage later gonna premiere at 12 and i its gonna still be a informative video to and help you guys enjoy and improve and help if your a beginner learn basics
new video later shoot premiere at 12 and its gonna make really informative video to help you guys and improve and if your a boy learn basics
"thanks for coming by the stream everyone! had some angry moments
"thank you for coming through the stream all! had some angry moments
"there were some angry moments
"thanks for sitting by the stream everyone! had some angry moments
"thanks for coming by the stream everyone! had some angry magical moments
"thanks for coming by the stream everyone! had bad angry moments
