see best borderlands character :y pic.twitter.com/xr9p3ursqg
<unk>
my 4 fave games are minecraft. borderlands 2.forza horizon 4. lego star wars
my 4 favorite games are minecraft. borderlands 2.forza horizon 4. lego star wars
my 4 favorite games are minecraft. borderlands 2.forza h4. lego star wars
my 4 fave games are minecraft. borderlands 2.forza tournament 4. lego star wars
2 my favourite 4 fave games are minecraft. borderlands ep 2. the forza horizon 4. lego star wars
screen 4 fave titles are minecraft. borderlands 2.forza horizon 4. lego star 4
i feel like i accomplished something here even though in reality all i did was suffer and die . . .
"i have the feeling that i have achieved something here
"i feel like i've spilled something here
i feel like i accomplished something here even though in reality all i felt was fuck and die...
i feel like i accomplished something here even though now in my reality seemingly all i did here was suffer and die...
i feel like i accomplished something beautiful and though in reality most i did was suffer and die...
i am here... with samsung that is full of homeworks. away from ps4 and samsung that won't play fort. and have 1700... want psycho. will get him. i am borderlands and overwatch fan and he is psycho and junkratt
"i'm here... with samsung
"i'm here... with samsung
i am here... with samsung that is full of homeworks. away from ps4 and samsung that we play fort. and have 1700... want psycho. will get paid. i am borderlands and overwatch s and he is psycho... awesome
now i am happy here... with samsung that is full lots of homeworks. be away from ps4 and of samsung that is won't the play fort. and have the 1700... want psycho. will get him. i am borderlands and overwatch and fan and he said is psycho and junkratt
i am here... and samsung like is full fucking homeworks. phone from ps4 and samsung that has't play fort. will have 1700... want psycho. will have me. i am borderlands and overwatch fan and this is psycho and junkratt
