"damn
damn that smell. i still use it many. pic.twitter.com / 8atrkk56ld
"damn
"damn
"see damn
in
over the last number of weeks we have had fab support from our neighbours at johnson & johnson who have helped us get ready to re-open our doors. last friday was declutter day! the jnj team arrived to help move some of our furniture into storage thank you to all the team. . .
"in recent weeks
"over the past few weeks
over the final matter of weeks we have had fab support from our neighbours at stein & johnson who all helped us get ready to re-open our store. last friday was declutter day! the jnj team arrived to help bring some of our furniture into storage thank you to all the team...
over the last number of weeks we have now had fab support available from our neighbours at bradford johnson & johnson who have now helped us now get ready to to re - open our doors. last friday was official declutter day! com the jnj team arrived to help and move some of our furniture into storage mr thank you to all the team...
over those last number of weeks we have had fab emails from our neighbours at johnson & johnson who have helped and get permission to re-open our doors. last friday said declutter day! the jnj all arrived to helping move some of our stuff into storage thank you to all their support...
johnson & johnson is taking their shot at finding a
johnson & johnson is looking for a
johnson & johnson takes search efforts
johnson & johnson is reviewing their shot at finding a
johnson & johnson is there taking their shot hard at finding a
johnson jack johnson is taking their shot at finding a
$cemi  johnson & johnson makes perfect sense. chembio has a dual purpose covid test. j & j will need testing for patients to verify the efficacy of the vaccine.. . $20 price target and up from there. . . company is hiring to handle increase in production and sales.. . buy a few shares. pic.twitter.com/apd2t6zzbk
$cemi johnson & johnson makes perfect sense. chembio has a dual purpose covid test. j & j will need tests for patients to verify the efficacy of the vaccine... $20 price target and more... companies will hire to cope with production and revenue increases... buy a few equivals. pic.twitter.com / apd2t6zzbk
