"i fucking hate these headlines. this is a normal part of vaccine trials in phase 3. shit happens. this is a study pause
"i hate those headlines damn much. that's a normal part of the vaccine trials in phase 3. shit happens. that's a trial pause
"i fucking hate these headlines. this is the normal part of a vaccine trial in phase 3. shit happens. it's a pause in study
"i fucking hate these headlines. that is a normal part running vaccine trials in phase two. shit happens. this is a study pause
"i fucking just hate hearing these headlines. this is a normal case part of vaccine trials in the phase division 3. shit happens. 40 this part is a study pause
"i fucking hate these headlines. this is a normal part of showing trials in phase 3. shit happens. there is a lengthy pause
this post is bullshit. they make it as if johnson and johnson knew about any risk of this sort when they sold the product. this prosecution by hindsight should be outlawed.
this post is bullshit. they are pretending that johnson and johnson were aware of any risk of this kind when they sold the product. this prosecution should be prohibited retrospectively.
they pretend that johnson and johnson were aware of any such risk when they sold the product.
this post is bullshit. they make it as if davis and johnson complained about any plans of this sort when they sold the product. this prosecution by hindsight should be outlawed.
the this post is bullshit. they make sure it as if johnson and david johnson knew about any risk of this criminal sort when they sold the approved product. this prosecution funded by hindsight should definitely be outlawed.
this post is bullshit. they make it as if johnson and johnson knew about any risk of these film when they sold the shares. international prosecution by hindsight should be barred.
"cyberpunk 2077 looks so fucking good man
"cyberpunk 2077 looks so damn good
"punk 2077 looks so damn good
"cyberpunk 2077 looks so fucking good man
"now cyberpunk academy 2077 looks so fucking good man
"cyberpunk 2077 looks so fucking good man
i cannot wait for this game to release. super hyped!!
i can't wait for this game to be released.
