me who didnt bought death stranding @hideo_kojima_en waiting for cyberpunk: pic.twitter.com/e66bq76nzl
if you haven't bought death stranding @ hideo _ kojima _ en wait for cyberpunk: pic.twitter.com / e66bq76nzl
i bought death stranding @ hideo _ kojima _ en while waiting for punk: pic.wikipedia.org / e66bq76nzl
me who didnt bought death stranding rhandlerr waiting for cyberpunk: pic.twitter.com/e66bq76nzl
• me who didnt bought death stranding rhandlerr waiting for cyberpunk: pic.twitter.com/e66bq76nzl
just
was literally just gushing about how stoked i am to play this in april! that's okay... i'm patient. i'm sure it will be worth the wait .
i was literally just excited about how excited i am to play this in april! that's okay... i'm patient. i'm sure it'll be worth the wait.
i was literally excited about how i'm going to play in april! it's normal... i'm patient. i'm sure it will be worth the wait.
was literally just gushing of how stoked i am to drop this in april! that's okay... more patient. i'm sure it will be worth the wait.
was literally just like gushing about how stoked on i really am to play this in april! that'd s technically okay... but i'm patient. i'you m sure assuming it will be worth the wait.
was<unk> just gushing over how stoked i have to play this in april! that's okay... i'm patient. i'm confident it will be worth the risk.
"(cyber)punk's not dead. yet.. . i told magda
(cyber) punk is not dead. nevertheless... i told magda that i want neons.. many neons.. i got them.. enjoy the view!.. image and editing: mesarthim photo and retouching..
(cyber) punk is not dead. still.. i told magda i want neons... a lot of neons... i got them.. enjoy the view!... pic and edit: mesarthim photo and retouch...
"(cyber)punk's not there. yet... just told magda
"( and cyber ) punk's right not dropping dead. yet... i told magda
"(cyber)punk's not dead. yet... we told someone
just realized my character looks like charlie cox in @ghostrecon and the main villain is jon bernthal i think this is awesome and because of it i have to keep playing to see the cutscenes lol
"i just realized that my character looks like charlie cox in @ ghostrecon and the main villain is jon bernthal. i think that's great
