@ghostrecon_uk what the hell is goin on been trying 4 2day to do the live event and it still don’t work looks like i’m done with breakpoint
"@ ghostrecon _ uk
@ ghostrecon _ uk what the hell is goin on been trying 4 2day to do the live event and it still don't work looks like i'm done with breakpoint
@ghostrecon_uk v i hell is goin on been trying 4 2day to do the live event and it still don’t work looks like someone done with breakpoint
@ghostrecon_uk what the hell is goin on and been with trying this 4 2day to do the live charity event and though it still don ’ t actually work looks like i still ’ m done with breakpoint
@ghostrecon_uk what the hell is done the been trying 4 2day stages do one live event and it still don’t seem looks like i’m done with breakpoint
not for nothing the white hot thermal vision should be for all classes...im tired of a blurry green night vision on a
not for nothing should the white-hot thermal image be suitable for all classes... i am a blurry green night vision on a
no wonder white hot thermal vision must be for all classes... i'm tired of the blurred green night vision on
not for nothing the white hot thermal room should be for all classes...im tired of a blurry green night vision or a
and not say for nothing about the white hot thermal vision should be for my all classes... im too tired of a blurry electric green night vision on a
not for nothing the white blue evening vision should be at art classes...im tired of a blurry green night vision on a
@ghostrecon when are you fixing the battle rewards? and also please tell me you’re keeping the gear score rank and the xp level rank. i love seeing that so you can show off to. maybe increase the level cap for those of us who are at the max .
@ ghostrecon: when do you set the rewards for the fight? and please also tell me that you keep the rank of equipment and the rank of the xp level. i think it's great that you see this so that you can show yourself.
@ ghostrecon when do you fix the fight reward? and also please tell me that you keep the gear rating and the xp rank.
@ghostrecon when are you fixing the progress rewards? and also simply tell me you’re keeping a gear score rank and the xp level rank. people love seeing graphs so you can show off to. maybe increase the level cap for those of us who are at the max.
a @ghostrecon when again are really you finally fixing the battle rewards? and also please tell me you ’ re just keeping the gear score rank and the default xp level rank. i love seeing that above so that you can show off to. maybe increase the level cap for those of us who are looking at the ability max.
@ghostrecon when<unk> you fixing about battle mount? and also please tell me you’re keeping the gear score rank and the xp challenge rank. i love seeing that so you start get off to. maybe increase the level scores for those of us who are at that max.
@ubisoft @ghostrecon your update that was supposed to help people with bad internet has completely locked me out of the game everytime i try to log in it says connection lost but i have a ok connection... this is why it needs to be offline
"@ ubisoft @ ghostrecon your update
"@ ubisoft @ ghostrecon your update
@ubisoft @ghostrecon the update that was supposed t help us with bad internet has completely locked me out of the game everytime i try to pop in it<unk> connection lost but i have a ok connection... this is why it needs to be offline
