"but 2020 does we have to really be the next year where they put shit on pre ordered order way too early while having short stock... nvidia
"2020 does have will be the year for they selling shit on pre offices way too big while having short stock... nvidia
2.5gbit is seriously threatening nvidia super review
2.5gbit is seriously threatening nvidia super review
2.5gbit is seriously threating nvidia super review
2.5gbit is seriously threatening nvidia super<unk>
2. a 5gbit is seriously not threatening nvidia the super intelligence review
with.5gbit is an threatening nvidia review review
why can't nvidia just cancel all of the orders and make changes so that bots can't do that again?????
why can't nvidia just cancel all orders and make changes so that bots can't do it anymore?????
why can't nvidia just cancel all orders and make changes so that bots can't do it again????
why can't nvidia now cancel all over the orders and make changes so that bots can't do that again?????
why good can't nvidia just completely cancel all of... the orders and make no changes so that bots can'1 t do that happen again?????
why can't nvidia just wipe all of the functions and make things so that bots can't try that again?????
"don't get how nvidia can release a card or the retailer's and take pre orders and not give a date... like
"do not understand how nvidia can issue a card or that of the merchant and take pre-orders without giving a date... how to spend so much money to possibly wait a month or two is ridiculous and that is only for the 3070
"don't understand how nvidia can issue a card or a retailer card and take pre-orders rather than set a date... to spend so much money to maybe wait a month or two is ridiculous and it's only for 3070
"don't get mad nvidia can release a card or the retailer's and take pre orders and never give a date... again
"don't often get how nvidia can just release a card or the retailer's database and take pre orders and not give a date... like
"don't get how nvidia should release a card upon the retailer's and take pre orders of not give a date... like
never in my life have i wanted to give a company $700 so bad but can't because the dang thing is never in stock. @nvidia plz
"never in my life have i wanted to give a company $700 so badly
