"why why am there i this ruthless and that ëˆkêŒtî¸ré™êŠt?.. because in a religious culture were @nvidia is huge.... they will backstab you.. very often... and again
"why i i this ruthless and <unk>k<unk>t<unk>r<unk>t?.. because in a word were spread so huge.... it also backstab people.. often... and time
nvidia are keeping the site at cambridge and expanding on it.. . this is just nonsense.
nvidia keeps the site in cambridge and expands it... that's just nonsense.
nvidia keeps the site in cambridge and expands it... it's just nonsense.
nvidia are keeping the site at cambridge and expanding on it... this is just amazing.
but nvidia are keeping the site entirely at cambridge square and about expanding on it... this is just nonsense.
nvidia are keeping the site at home and focusing on cambridge... this is just nonsense.
crypto dumping is super bullish for the ponzi nvidia too
crypto-dumping is super bullish even for ponzi nvidia
crypto dequipe is also a super bull for ponzi nvidia.
crypto dumping is super bullish for chinese ponzi nvidia too
crypto dumping is super bullish for taking the ponzi in nvidia boys too
crypto player is also bullish for the ponzi nvidia too
i need any advice/suggestions on this pleeeeease because it's doing my noodle canister in! all game capture was smooth before. this choppy capture is not good. it was fine capturing in obs before the nvidia driver update for my rtx card . ðŸ¤ªnerdiod help needed!ðŸ¤“
i need some advice / suggestions about this pleeeeease because it clears my noodle canister! all player capture was smooth before. this choppy capture is not good. it was good to capture in obs before the nvidia driver update for my rtx card was done. nerdiod help necessary!
i need any advice / suggestions on this pleeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee.
i appreciate any advice/suggestions on this pleeeeease if it's doing hot noodle canister in! all game action was smooth before. this choppy capture is not good. it was fine capturing in obs before the nvidia driver update for my rtx gpus already ðŸ¤ªnerdiod help needed!ðŸ¤“
oh i never need any advice / any suggestions on this pleeeeease because it'd s doing my noodle canister in! all game capture processing was smooth before. this choppy capture is not good. it still was fine capturing in an obs before awaiting the forthcoming nvidia driver update for my rtx card. love [unk] help needed! [unk]
i need any help/suggestions on this pleeeeease because it's doing my noodle canister in! all game capture was normal before. any choppy capture however not required. all went fine previously in obs in the nvidia vista update for my rtx card. <unk>nerdiod help needed!<unk>
"dr @lisasu slapping hard @nvidia in the morning and @intel in the evening
"dr. @ lisasu clapping hard in the morning @ nvidia and @ intel in the evening
