thinking about going to amd never looking back.
thinking about going into amd an never looking back.
thinking only about just going to amd an never looking back.
thinking i going to amd an never looking back.
latest nvidia driver rendered photoshop 2019 unusable on my 144hz display. photoshop 2020 hasn't worked for multiple drivers now. . . at this point if i can figure out one or two kinks in clip i'm making a permanent jump. so tired of dealing with adobe.
"the latest nvidia driver has rendered photoshop 2019 unusable on my 144hz screen. photoshop 2020 has now broken down for several drivers... at this point
the last nvidia driver disabled the 2019 flash drive on my 144hz display.
latest nvidia driver made photoshop 2019 unusable on my 144hz display. photoshop basically hasn't worked for multiple drivers now. lol. at this point perhaps i can figure out one last two kinks in clip i'm making a permanent jump. so tired of dealing with adobe.
latest nvidia taxi driver rendered your photoshop website 2019 unusable on my 144hz display. photoshop 2020 hasn't worked for multiple drivers now... 2013 at this late point if not i can figure out from one day or two the kinks in clip i'm making a pretty permanent jump. so tired of dealing with adobe.
latest nvidia driver rendered photoshop 2019 unusable on this gallery display. photoshop 2020 haven't worked without multiple drivers now... at one point if i can figure out something or two kinks in clip i'm considering a permanent jump. so on and dealing with adobe.
hot take...@nvidia could have made resales of there items illegal for 60days after launch thus killing the market for scalpers. @jayztwocents thoughts?
"hot take... @ nvidia could have made the resale of these items illegal for 60 days after launch
"hot take... @ nvidia could make reselling items there illegal within 60 days of launch
hot take...@nvidia may have made some of there items illegal for 60days after launch thus creating the market for scalpers. @jayztwocents thoughts?
hot in take... if @nvidia could simply have made resales some of there items illegal for 60days after launch thus effectively killing the market for scalpers. is @jayztwocents our thoughts?
hot take...@nvidia could use making resales of certain items illegal for time after launch thus killing the market for scalpers. some thoughts?
how is nvidia going to react to have their name plastered on chips that are slow and underpowered?
how will nvidia react to having its name plastered on chips that are slow and underpowered?
how is nvidia going to respond to the fact that its name will be associated with chips that are slow and not powerful enough?
how is nvidia going to react to have it name plastered on chips that are slow & underpowered?
how easy is your nvidia going to react best to have even their name plastered on chips that are slow and underpowered?
earth were apple going to react to have their name plastered on chips that are slow and underpowered?
