i'm still not buying an xbox series x.
i still don't buy xbox series x.
i still don't buy the xbox series x.
i'm still not buying an x series x.
i'm still not buying on an xbox 360 series x.
i'm still not buying an xbox series game.
imagine having to sell shoes just for someone to buy your shitty system.
imagine having to sell shoes just for someone to buy your crappy system.
imagine having to sell your shoes just for someone to buy your shitty system.
imagine having to sell shoes just for someone to buy your shitty coat.
imagine yourself having to sell your shoes just for someone to buy your shitty banking system.
imagine having to sell something just for someone to buy a shitty system.
too bad the developers in the recent years care more about graphics than the game itself. they fear releasing proper gameplay cause the fans have become toxic enough to get hyped up for a lost cause. muh damn graphics..
it's just a pity that in recent years the developers have been more concerned about graphics than the game itself. they're afraid to get the right gameplay out because the fans have become toxic enough to be hyped up for a lost occasion. muh damn graphics.
it is bad enough that developers in recent years care more about graphics than about the game itself. they fear that the wrong gameplay will make fans so toxic that they will lose interest in the game.
too bad the developers through the recent years care more for graphics than the game itself. they fear releasing proper gameplay cos sometimes fans have become toxic enough to get hyped up for a lost cause. muh damn graphics..
too bad for the developers in the recent years all care more about graphics than the game itself. however they will fear releasing proper quality gameplay and cause again the fans might have become toxic enough to get hyped up for a lost cause. muh damn poor graphics..
too bad much developers in the recent years care more about graphics than the game itself. they fear releasing fresh content to the fans will become toxic enough to get hyped up for a lost cause. muh oh graphics..
fuck that big ass air conditioner. ps5 in 4
fuck that big ass air conditioner. ps5 in 4
fuck that big ass air conditioner. ps5 in 4
fuck the big ass air conditioner. ps5 in 4
