bruh @ronnie2k it @nba2k who the... fuck car is this?
bruh the @ronnie2k who the fuck is that?
@nba2k how did we start this generation with these graphics and then end with these graphics? sad. y’all are so money hungry that you sacrificed a good game for microtransactions and screwed your fans since you had no competitors. we went from this to “we’re adding bape” ... pic.twitter.com/hyqjzfpabb
"@ nba2k how did we start this generation with these graphics and then stop with these graphics? sadly they are all so money hungry that they sacrificed a good game for microtransactions and screwed up their fans because they had no competitors. we went from here to ""we add tape..."" pic.twitter.com / hyqjzfpabb"
@ n2k how did we start this generation with this graphics and then finish with this graphics? sad that everyone is so hungry for money that you sacrificed a good game for micro broadcasts and screwed up your fans because you had no competitors.
rhandlerr how did we start this generation with these graphics and then end with these graphics? sad. y’all are so money hungry that you sacrificed a good game for microtransactions and screwed your fans since you had no competitors. we went from this to “we’re adding bape” ... pic.twitter.com/hyqjzfpabb
as rhandlerr how did we start this generation with these graphics and then end with these graphics? sad. y’all are so money hungry that you sacrificed a good game for microtransactions and screwed your fans since you had no competitors. we went from this to “we’re adding bape” ... pic.twitter.com/hyqjzfpabb
or
🧢🧢🧢🧢 best launch? 2k20 easily had the worst launch of it's entire franchise
best start? 2k20 easily had the worst start of its entire franchise
"best run? ""2k20"" was the worst run of the entire franchise"
🧢🧢🧢🧢 best name? 2k20 easily had the biggest launch of it's entire franchise
[unk] best launch? 2k20 easily had the 5th worst launch pitch of it'i s entire franchise
<unk> best year? disney easily had the worst launch of it's entire franchise
"not spending my $ on  . anyone in the community know yet? dm me the skoop! mahaloz! sincerely
"t know yet? dm me the skoop! mahaloz! yours sincerely
"don't waste my dollars. does anyone else in the community know? ""i'm stingy! mahaloz! sincerely
"not spending my $ $$ . anyone in the community done yet? dm me the skoop! mahaloz! thanks
"why not spending only my $ on. 5 anyone anybody in the russian community know yet? not dm me the skoop! mahaloz! sincerely
"not have my $ yet. anyone in the hanging out yet? dm for the skoop! mahaloz! sincerely
@nba2k game sucks... down by 2 with 38 seconds left and my team intentionally fouls
@ nba2k game sucks... at 2 with 38 seconds to go and my team intentionally fouls
