"i do wish @borderlands would have given another way to apply terror to yourself that wouod have been a little easier for moze to pull off. . . it may have made me more ibvested in bloody harvest
i wish @ borderlands had given me another way to apply the terror to myself that would have made it a little easier for moze to leave... i might have been more interested in the bloody harvest than getting a scary phone call.
i would very much like @ borderlands to give me another way to deal with terror that mose would be a little easier to pull off... perhaps that would make me more obsessed with bloody violence than getting a windy day call.
"i especially wish @borderlands would of given some way to apply terror to yourself that wouod have been made little easier for moze to pull off... it shall have made me more ibvested in bloody harvest
"well i myself do almost wish master @borderlands would have given another way than to apply terror to yourself that wouod have been a little much easier for moze to pull off... it may have have made to me more ibvested in this bloody harvest
"i do think babies would be provided another way to apply terror to yourself that wouod have been making little easier for kids to pull up... it should have made me more ibvested in one harvest
"@borderlands need help with my game. for some reason my character is lagging
"@ borderlands need help with my game. for some reason my character lags behind
"@ borderlands needs help with my game. for some reason my character doesn't look like me
"@borderlands need help with my game. for some reason my character is lagging
"@borderlands need some help with my game. 15 for some selfish reason my character is lagging
"@borderlands need help with my game. for some folks my code is static
"the first borderlands game is actually so fucking bad it's almost unbearable
"the first borderlands game is actually so damn bad that it's almost unbearable
"the first borderline game is actually so fucking that it's almost impossible
"the first borderlands game is really so fucking bad it's almost unbearable
"the first borderlands tee game is actually so fucking awful bad it'r s almost like unbearable
"the first the game is actually such fucking bad it's almost ridiculous
@borderlands @gearboxofficial @duvalmagic @prodigyxl . this doesn’t look right. at all. why am i just noticing this now? shouldn’t the payouts be better in m4? or are these typos. pic.twitter.com/zyfapoihpy
@ borderlands @ gearboxofficial @ duvalmagic @ prodigyxl. that doesn't look right. at all. why am i noticing this right now? shouldn't the payouts in m4 be better? or is it typos. pic.twitter.com / zyfapoihpy
@ borderlands @ gearboxofficial @ duvalmagic @ prodigyofficial.
rhandlerr rhandlerr rhandlerr rhandlerr . this doesn’t look right. at all. why am i just noticing this now? shouldn’t the payouts be better in m4? or are these typos. pic.twitter.com/zyfapoihpy
