i quit one game of @nba2k cause of their shitty servers out of the hundreds of games i've played and suddenly i'm the devil and banned from even using my phone on there lmao
"i quit a game of @ nba2k because of their crappy servers out of hundreds of games i've played
i dropped one @ n2k game because of their crap servers out of hundreds of games i've played and suddenly i'm a villain and i'm banned from even using my phone there lmao
i quit one game of @nba2k complaining of their shitty servers out among the hundreds of mods i've played and suddenly i'm the devil and banned from even using my phone on tour lmao
i quit one game short of @nba2k cause kind of ripping their shitty servers out of amongst the hundreds of games i've played and suddenly i'm the absolute devil and get banned from even using my cell phone right on there lmao
actually lost one game of @nba2k cause of my shitty server out of the hundreds shit games it've played and suddenly i'm the devil and banned from even using my phone on there lmao
@nba2k first game we try and play .. it lags everyone in the whole lobby no one can play .. games already doing this comon
@ nba2k first game we try and play.. it lags behind everyone in the whole lobby that no one can play.. games that already do this comon
@ n2k the first game we try to play.. it lags behind everyone in the entire lobby no one can play.. games already do it comon
@nba2k first game we try and play.. it lags everyone in the whole lobby no one can play.. we already got this comon
@nba2k first the game we try and play.. it lags off everyone in front the whole crowded lobby because no one can play.. games already is doing this comon
@nba2k first game we play and play.. it lags me you you whole lobby no one can play.. games already doing this to
hell na dumbass idea wtf
hell na dumbass idea wtf
hell na dumbass idea wtf
hell na dumbass idea....
hell na da dumbass idea wtf
hell na dumbass because wtf
nba 2k mobile is so unplayable .
nba 2k mobile is so unplayable.
nba 2k mobile is so unplayable.
nba 2k 18 is so unplayable.
