not to mention that in the old versions of bl2 the lot was awful... terramorphus is a cheap and lazy raid boss compared to mulo in borderlands 1.
not saying the older games arent flawed... it was terrible in older updates of bl2.. terramorphous is a lazy and lazy raid boss compared to stuff in borderlands 2.
see not saying all the older games arent flawed... captain loot was made terrible in older production updates of bl2.. terramorphous is a cheap and lazy raid boss compared to time cramulaux appeared in dark borderlands vol 1.
not saying the older versions arent flawed... loot was terrible from older updates like bl2.. terramorphous is really dumb and lazy raid boss compared to cramulaux in day 1.
i hate borderlands 3 rhys why does he look like that this is not the beautiful disaster twink i love
i hate borderlands 3 rhys why does he look like this is not the beautiful pacifier i love
i hate borderlands 3 rhys why does he look like that this is not the beautiful disaster twink i love
i hate borderlands 3 rhys why does he look like that this is not this beautiful disaster that i love
i hate borderlands 3 rhys why heck does he almost look up like that this is probably not really the beautiful disaster twink i love
i hate borderlands 3 rhys why does this think like that this is not a beautiful disaster twink i love
saw an ad for the new borderlands dlc stuff and i just got sad again knowing fully well bl3 was so horribly mediocre i already miss bl2
i saw an advertisement for the new borderlands dlc stuff and got sad again because i knew bl3 was so terribly mediocre that i miss bl2 already
"saw an ad for new borderline things and i just got upset again
saw an ad on the new borderlands dlc stuff and i just got sad again knowing fully though bl3 was so horribly mediocre i already loved bl2
saw ran an ad for the new borderlands dlc s stuff and i just half got sad happy again knowing fully well bl3 was likely so horribly mediocre i might already miss the bl2
saw an ad there the new decent dlc stuff and i just got bored again well fully well bl3 was so completely mediocre i already miss bl2
@borderlands i can't link my shift to my twitch account just wondering if you could look into that please
@ borderlands i can't link my shift to my twitch account and just wonder if you could check it out please
"@ borderlands i can't link my transition to my account
@borderlands i can't link my shift to this twitch account just wondering if you could look into changing please
agent @borderlands i can't get link in my shift to my private twitch account just wondering if you could look into that please
@borderlands i can't make my shift to my account account just wondering if you could look like that please
