imagine trying to play the entirely new software raid on those classic and servers which cant handle it. yikes @warcraft
imagine trying it play the new raid on classic core servers cant handle it. yikes<unk>
good morning sexy people who grew up playing runescape. . bitches who grew up playing world of warcraft go back to sleep
good morning sexy people who grew up with runescape.. bitches who grew up with world of warcraft fall asleep again
"good morning
good morning sexy people who grew up playing runescape.. bitches who grew up playing world<unk> warcraft go back some sleep
good morning me sexy people you who grew up playing runescape.. bitches who grew up not playing world of steam warcraft go screaming back to sleep
good morning sexy people who grew up learning runescape.. bitches who grew the playing world of warcraft fall peacefully to sleep
months later i reinstalled warcraft 3 to see if the main menu still runs at 3 fps. . some things never change. 🤡
"months later
"months later
months later i reinstalled warcraft 3 to see if the lobby menu still runs at 15 fps. :) some things never change. 🤡
months passed later i reinstalled warcraft world 3 to see if the final main menu display still runs at 3 fps.. 25 some things never completely change. [unk]
months later i reinstalled version 3 to check if the main menu still runs about 60 fps.. some things never change. <unk>
"you can heavily market and invest in branding yourself as this awesome thing
"you can market yourself and invest heavily to present yourself as this great thing
"you can proactively advertise yourself and invest in branding as great
"you can heavily market and invest in marketing yourself or this amazing thing
"you can heavily screen market ourselves and invest in anyone branding yourself as simply this awesome super thing
"you can heavily market and invest on proving yourself as this fabulous thing
i want to play warcraft but the game keeps crashing and i dont know what to do
i want to play warcraft but the game keeps crashing and i don't know what to do
