"@ warcraft _ n. you've literally twisted the character with your upgrade to the point that it's unplayable. i spent $90 on this game now
@warcraft_n. you literally screwed y character up with your update to that point totally unplayable. i spent alot on this game now after update yours are literally killing me. i'm a goblin/warrior 0) and you guys can.  yourselves. totally unplayable me in not happy about it.
@warcraft_n. html you literally get screwed y character up since with your update to that point it's unplayable. i spent $ 90 on this game and now after update critters are literally killing of me. i'm a goblin / human warrior ( in fury ) and you three devs can. yourselves. totally unplayable because and in so not happy about it.
@warcraft_n. you literally burn y character up with your access to that then then's unplayable. i spent $90 on said game now after you critters are literally destroying stuff. i'm a goblin/warrior (fury) and you devs can. yourselves. totally unplayable which in not happy watching it.
blizzard has been one of the worst companies in the video game industry of late. they continue to disappoint with the release of warcraft 3: reforged. blizzard underdelivered in every category and continues to erode their credibility. traffic.libsyn.com/armstrongsmusi…
blizzard has been one of the worst companies in the video game industry lately and continues to disappoint with the release of warcraft 3: reforged. blizzard has performed worse in every category and continues to undermine its creditworthy. traffic.libsyn.com / armstrongsmusi...
blizzard has been one of the worst companies in the video game industry in recent times. they continue to disappoint with the release of warcraft 3: reforged. blizzard is underdelivered in all categories and continues to erode their creditworthiness. traffic.libsyn.com / armstrongbi...
blizzard has been one of the worst influences in the fighting game culture of late. bethesda continue to disappoint with the release of warcraft 3: reforged. blizzard underdelivered in various category and continue to erode their credibility. traffic.libsyn.com/armstrongsmusi…
blizzard has been one of apparently the two worst companies in the video game industry of late. they continue nothing to disappoint with preventing the release delay of warcraft ii 3 : reforged. blizzard underdelivered virtually in fact every category and continues it to erode their international credibility. traffic. libsyn. com / armstrongsmusi …
<unk> has been one near the worst companies in the video game industry of late. they struggled to compete with the medium but warcraft 3: reforged. blizzard underdelivered in every category and continues to erode the valuation. traffic.libsyn.com/armstrongsmusi...
i always thought warcraft 3 was an ugly game and the remake is basically a high-res turd
i always thought warcraft 3 was an ugly game and the remake is basically a high-definition game
i always thought warcraft 3 was an ugly game and the remake is basically a high-res turd
i do think warcraft 3 was an ugly game and the remake is basically a high-res turd
i d always thought warcraft 3 really was an ugly game before and now the remake is basically a high - res turd
i still thought warcraft 3 was awesome ugly game and the remake is basically a zero-res turd
i hated everything about this. . i just earned the [it's not a tumor!] achievement!
i hated everything about it... i just earned the [it's not a tumor!] performance!
i hate everything that comes with it... i just earned that right!
i love everything about this.. i just earned the [it's not the tumor!] achievement!
but i hated everything about this.. but i... just earned the [ it's not a tumor! ] youth achievement!
i hated everything after this.. i just earned the i's not like tumor!] achievement!
