"probably not the first person to say this but
"probably not the first person to say this
"probably not the first to say this
"probably not the first person to say this but
"probably not really the wrong first person ever to say this but
"never been the first person to enjoy this but
@blizzard_ent  help me change my phone no and remove authenticator. so annoying cannot even do anything...i need to fucking play warcraft iii reforge god damn it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@ blizzard _ ent helps me change my mobile phone number and remove the authentication code. so annoying can't even do anything... i must ficking play warcraft iii reforge god damn it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@ blizzard _ ent help me change my phone no and remove authenticator. so annoying can even do anything... i need to fucking play warcraft iii reforge god damn it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@blizzard_ent  help me change my password no problem remove authenticator. so annoying cannot even do anything...i need i really play warcraft iii reforge god damn it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@blizzard_ent to help me change my smart phone no 10 and remove authenticator.... so is annoying she cannot even do anything... i i need to a fucking play warcraft iii reforge and god damn at it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@blizzard_ent help me let my phone no and remove authenticator. so you cannot even fix that...i need to must play warcraft iii at god for it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
oh fuck you
oh fuck you
oh fuck you
oh fuck …
oh god fuck you
god fuck you
dang blizzard. so many complaints about the newly released warcraft 3 on reddit. i suggest you look on there since everyone wants a refund. no ui changes? 2018 demo looks better than the actual release? glad i didn’t buy it!
"dang blizzard. so many complaints about the newly released warcraft 3 on reddit. i suggest you drop by because everyone wants a refund. no user interface changes? 2018 demo looks better than the actual release? well
dang blizzard. so many complaints about the recently released warcraft 3 on reddit. i suggest you look at it because everyone wants a refund.
dang blizzard. so many complaints about the freshly released warcraft 3 on reddit. i suggest you look over it since everyone wants a refund. no large changes? 2018 demo looks better than the actual release? glad fans didn’t buy it!
