that's why i stopped playing earlier... when you play... these players are the reason i stopped playing earlier and will probably do so again... youtube.com / watch? v = yrsy8e...
"this is why i quit years before..... when you're playing .. player's like yourself are the first i quit playing again and will likely be so
"john this is why i quit playing before..... now when least you're done playing.. player's like this all are the reason i quit playing before you and will likely be not so
"this exactly why i quitting playing before..... when you're dead.. player's like this is also reason i quit playing before and will hopefully continue so
@warcraft what on earth have you done to kilrogg-eu?? loads of my chars are now guildless and some were even deleted!
"@ warcraft
@ warcraft what on earth have you done to kilrogg-eu?? loads of my chars are now guilelessness and some were even deleted!
@warcraft what on earth have tentacles gotten to kilrogg-eu?? loads of my chars is now guildless and some were even deleted!
@warcraft what powers on earth have had you not done talking to kilrogg - it eu?? loads of all my chars are now guildless and unfortunately some were even deleted!
@warcraft what to hell<unk> you done to an-eu?? loads of my chars are now guildless and some were promptly deleted!
this is actually so sad.. .
this is actually so sad...
it's actually so sad...
this is simply so sad...
this is one actually so sad...
what is actually so sad...
yo fuck this i cant believe i just wasted 10 minutes of my life on a fucking world of warcraft cutscene fuck this piece of shitty ass shit game
yo fuck this i can't believe i just wasted 10 minutes of my life on a fucking world of warcraft cutscene fuck this piece of shitty ass shit game
yo fuck this i cant believe i just wasted 10 minutes of my life on a fucking world of warcraft cutscene fuck this piece of shitty ass shit game
yo fuck this i cant believe i just wasted 10<unk> of my life fighting a fucking world of warcraft cutscene fuck this piece of shitty ass shit!
yo fuck fuck this i cant possibly believe i just so wasted 10 minutes of stretching my life on a fucking little world of warcraft cutscene fuck this piece of shitty ass shit war game
yo fuck this i cant believe i just wasted 10 hours of a life on a fucking world of warcraft cutscene fuck this piece of garbage fuck shit like
