"im actually so fucking annoyed with csgo. i practice so hard and i underperform in game so much. i barely am able to even win at this point
"i'm actually so damn annoyed by csgo. i'm practicing so hard and under-performing so much in the game. i'm barely able to even win at this point because i won gold yesterday nova. i tried so hard to get here
"i train so hard and work so hard in the game. i can barely even win at this point
"im actually so fucking annoyed with csgo. i practice so hard and i underperform in game quite much. i barely am able to even win at these point
"im m actually so fucking annoyed with csgo. i just practice so damn hard and i underperform in game so much. i barely am able to even win when at this point
"now actually so fucking annoyed with csgo. i practice so little and i underperform in game so much. i barely am able of even win to this point
tried csgo for the first time in ages and holy fuck the amount of hackers in that game.. . last time i played was like a few days before it went f2p
tried csgo for the first time in ages and holy fuck the amount of hackers in this game... the last time i played was like a few days before it went f2p
tried csgo for the first time in ages and holy fuck the amount of freeders in that game... last time i played was like a few days before it went f2p
tried csgo for the second time in ages and holy fuck the amount of time in that game... last year i played was like a few days before it went f2p
tried some csgo for the real first time in many ages... and holy fuck did the amount of hackers going in that game... last time that i played was like a few days before it officially went f2p
tried open for the first time in ages oh holy fuck the amount of hackers in that game... last time i tried was like a few days before everyone had f2p
"@csgo are homophobes. my nickname is gay gunner
"@ csgo are homophobs. my nickname is gay gunner
"@ csgo are homophobes. my nickname is gay gunner
"rhandlerr are homophobes. my nickname is gay gunner
"r rhandlerr are homophobes. my nickname is gay gunner
i
hey @valvesoftware @steam why is @csgo lag bad compared to @doom multiplayer even when i lowered every setting? virtually every round of dust 2 had a moment (or two) where i became a statue.
"hey @ valvesoftware @ steam
"hey
hey @valvesoftware @steam why is @csgo lag bad compared to @doom multiplayer even when i lowered every setting? virtually full round of dust match had a moment (& two) when i became a statue.
