and screw it. i finally did the thing..
screw it. i did not thing..
certainly not me.. . big aaa game companies don't interest me anymore with their cash grabbing full-priced garbage with microtransactions thrown on top.
certainly not me... big aaa game manufacturers no longer interest me when they grab the full price garbage with micro transactions thrown on top of it.
"not me
certainly not me.. the big aaa game companies don't interest me anymore despite their headline grabbing full-priced garbage with microtransactions thrown on top.
... certainly not me... big five aaa game companies just don't interest me anymore with half their big cash grabbing full - priced american garbage with microtransactions thrown on top.
certainly not me... big aaa game companies wouldn't interest me anymore with their customers grabbing premium-priced garbage with shit sitting on top.
sometimes i feel like such an old grandma playing games.... a few months ago i bought assassin’s creed origins bc it was on sale and like 20 minutes in i was like “hm... this is too violent for me!” and never touched it again sksjsbsb
"sometimes i feel like such an old granny playing games.... a few months ago i bought the creed of the assassin bc it was on sale and how 20 minutes inside me was like ""hm... this is too violent for me!"" and never touched it again sksjsbsb"
"sometimes i feel like such an old grandma playing games... a few months ago i bought her credo
sometimes i feel like such stupid old grandma at games.... a few moments ago i bought assassin’s creed origins because it was on sale and like 20 minutes in i was like “hm... this is too violent for me!” and never touched weapons again sksjsbsb
sometimes i feel like somebody such as an old grandma for playing games.... a few months ago i never bought assassin ’ s creed origins like bc it was on sale and like 20 million minutes in i was like “ hm... this is no too violent for me! ” and i never touched it anything again like sksjsbsb
because i feel really like an old grandma collecting games.... so 5 month ago i bought assassin’s creed origins bc it was on sale and like 20 minutes in i was like “hm... this is too violent on me!” and never touched this<unk> sksjsbsb
disappointed no gamplay revealed at all
disappointed no gameplay revealed
disappointed that the gameplay has not been detected at all
disappointed no passwords revealed at all
he disappointed no gamplay revealed at all
disappointed is gamplay revealed at all
would have been much better as a series tbh. cramming two storylines into an hour and a half had so much issues. though arno cameo was fanservice yessir.
would have been much better than a series tbh. to squeeze two storylines in an hour and a half had so many problems. although arno cameo fanservice was yessir.
