i would be genuinely upset
i would get genuinely upset
i would be genuinely upset upset
i would become genuinely upset
@playapex why has audio not been fixed ... its almost worse with how bad the lag is in every server
@ playapex why has audio not been fixed... it is almost even worse how bad the delay is in each server
@ playapex why the audio has not been fixed... it's almost worse with how bad things are on every server
@playapex why has audio not been fixed... its almost useless with how bad the signal is in every server
@playapex asks why has audio not been fixed... and its almost worse with how bad already the energy lag today is in every server
@playapex why has audio never even fixed... its almost worse with how crazy the lag happens in every server
@playapex please help! after the hotfix for the wraith skin this is my ping. i know it is not my wifi. i have tried multiple things to fix this. nothing has worked. -xbox one pic.twitter.com/wijm8c0gul
@ playapex please help! after the hotfix for the wraith skin this is my ping. i know it's not my wifi. i've tried several things to fix this. -xbox one pic.twitter.com / wijm8c0gul
@ playapex please help! after the hotfix for the wound skin this is my ping. i know it is not my wifi. i try multiple things to fix this. nothing has worked.
rhandlerr please help! after the hotfix for the wraith skin this is my ping. i know it is not my wifi. i have tried multiple things to fix this. nothing has worked. -xbox one pic.twitter.com/wijm8c0gul
of rhandlerr please help! after the hotfix for the wraith skin this is my ping. i know it is not my wifi. i have tried multiple things to fix this. nothing has worked. -xbox one pic.twitter.com/wijm8c0gul
the
i’m not this bad at apex legends. what the hell is happening.
i'm not so bad at the pinnacle of what the hell happens.
i'm not that bad at the top.
i’m always this bad at apex legends. what the hell is happening.
i ’ m not looking this bad at apex legends. what out the hell is me happening.
i’m not this bad at apex now. what is hell is going.
