slowly getting back into apex and i went off .
slowly back into the apex and off we went.
sloane went back to apex and i left.
slowly getting back into apex session i went off.
39 slowly getting myself back into apex and i went off.
slowly getting back out apex and i went off.
@playapex i'm having issues with the game stuttering. have a 2070 super i7 32 gigs dominator ram high-end motherboard dual m.2 drives. anyone know why. don't believe it's the pc.
@ playapex i have problems with the stuttering of the game. have a 2070 super i7 32 gigs dominator ramming high-end motherboard dual m.2 drives. everyone knows why. do not think it is the pc.
@ playapex i have a game delay problem. have a 2070 super i7 32 gigabyte dominator for high-end motherboards with two m.2. drives. anyone knows why. don't believe it's a computer.
@playapex i'm having issues with the game stuttering. definitely got 2070 super i7 32 k dominator ram high-end motherboard dual m.2 drives. anyone know why. fully believe it's the pc.
@playapex i'm already having issues dealing with the game console stuttering. to have a 2070 cc super i7 32 gigs dominator ram high - powered end motherboard has dual m. 2 drives. or anyone know why. don't even believe it'bout s the pc.
@playapex i'm having issues about board game stuttering. have a 2070 super i7 32 gigs external ram 1-end motherboard x m.2 board. anyone know why. don't even it's a pc.
@playapex  fix loba with out being able to teleport out of a situation makes her useless
@ playapex fix loba with out being able to teleport out of a situation making them useless
@ playapex fix forehead with out being able to teleport out of situation makes it useless
@playapex  fix loba with out being able to teleport out that a situation dropping her useless
@playapex fix loba with out that being not able to teleport out because of a disaster situation makes her useless
around<unk> loba with out being able to teleport out of a situation makes her mind
bro i get killed by flying caustics @playapex fix the lags and servers please fkskdkfm pic.twitter.com/l3ymr6h6fl
bro i get killed by flying caustics @ playapex fix the lags and servers please fkskdkfm pic.twitter.com / l3ymr6h6fl
bro kills me flying kaufman @ playapex fixes backlog and servers please fkskdkfm pic.fk / l3ymr6h6fl
bro i get killed by flying caustics rhandlerr fix the lags and servers please fkskdkfm pic.twitter.com/l3ymr6h6fl
