"@playapex hello. i encounter some strange quest timers on my apex account since the last update. treasure packs : 120hours
"@ playapex hello. i've been encountering some strange quest timers on my apex account since the last update. treasure packs: 120hours
@ playapex hello. i have encountered some strange quest timers on my apex account since the last update.
"rhandlerr hello. i encounter some strange quest timers on my apex account since the last update. treasure packs : 120hours
"r rhandlerr hello. i encounter some strange quest timers on my apex account since the last update. treasure packs : 120hours
the
@respawn apex legends is freezing on the loading screen for me i’ve tried shutting off my xbox one and tried reconnecting to the internet and restarted the game and still no luck i’ve been having this issue since yesterday help please!
@ respawn apex is freezing on the loading screen for me i've tried shutting down my xbox one and tried reconnecting to the internet and restarted the game and still no luck i've had this issue since yesterday please help!
"@ respawn apex fedds hangs on the download screen for me i tried to disable my xbox one and tried to reconnect to the internet and restart the game and still have no luck that i've had this problem since yesterday
@respawn apex legends still freezing on the loading screen for me i’ve tried shutting off my xbox one and tried reconnecting from the internet then restarted the game and still zero luck i’ve been having disk issue since yesterday help please!
i @respawn apex legends is freezing me on with the loading up screen for me i ’ ve tried shutting off my xbox one and tried reconnecting the to the internet internet and restarted up the game and still has no luck i ’ ve been having this issue since early yesterday god help please!
@respawn from legends is freezing on the loading screen for me have tried shutting myself my xbox again and tried reconnecting to the connection and restarted the game and still no luck i’ve been having any time since yesterday help please!
@playapex come one guys rev is so bad. my boys were golden out and we were outside the totem zone. that’s lame
@ playapex come one guys rev is so bad. my guys were golden out and we were outside the totem zone. that's lame
@ playapex come one guys rev is so bad. my boys were golden out and we were outside the totem zone. that's lame
@playapex come one guys rev is so disgusting. my boys were golden out and none were outside the totem zone. that’s lame
@playapex come to one guys rev is that so bad. 4 my boys were golden meters out and we were outside by the totem zone. that ’ s kinda lame
@playapex come one guys rev is so bad. my boys were golden out and then ride in them totem zone. that’s lame
@playapex why do i get errors and blue screens on one of my accounts on p4 but the other accounts i can play the game just fine any help?
"@ playapex why do i get bugs and blue screens on one of my accounts in p4
"@ playapex why do i get bugs and blue screens on one of my accounts on p4 and on other accounts
@playapex why do i get errors and blue screens in one of my accounts using p4 but the other accounts i can play the game just fine so help?
