@playapex why do it i often get errors pink and blue screens on one of my accounts on p4 but the same other accounts... i can do play the game just fine any help?
@playapex where do we throw red and blue screens on one of my accounts on p4 but the other accounts who can play the game just fine any help?
i play league of legends now...... still bad tho
i'm playing league of legends now...... still bad
i'm playing in the champions league now...... it's still bad then.
i play league of legends now...... still bad....
for i play league of legends until now...... so still bad tho
i play giants and legends now...... still bad tho
@riotgames @leagueoflegends the fiddlesticks rework was more of a nerf. you just made him a lot weaker! his dark wind was perfect for his kit and u guys decided to replace it with a very weak skill! i'm so fucking disappointed!
@ riotgames @ leagueoflegends the reworking of the fiddlesticks was more of a nerf. you just made it much weaker! its dark wind was perfect for his kit and the guys decided to replace it with a very weak ability! i'm so damn disappointed!
@ riotgames @ leagueoflegends the fiddlesticks rework was more of a nerf. you just made him a lot weaker! his dark wind was perfect for his kit and u guys decided to replace it with a very weak skill! i'm so fucking disappointed!
@riotgames @leagueoflegends the fiddlesticks rework was half of a nerf. you just made half a game worse! his dark wind was perfect for his kit and u guys decided to replace it with a very weak skill! everyone so fucking disappointed!
@riotgames and @leagueoflegends the fiddlesticks rework was more of a nerf. you just made him become a lot weaker! his own dark wind horn was perfect for using his own kit and u guys decided finally to replace it now with a very weak skill! i'm doing so fucking terribly disappointed!
@riotgames @leagueoflegends 1 fiddlesticks rework was more of a nerf. you guys took him a little weaker! his dark wind works perfect under this technique and u guys decided to replace it with a very weak skill! i'm so fucking disappointed!
rakan is full fired of your shit
rakan is full of your shit
rab is full fire of your shit
rakan are full fired of your shit
rakan is full of fired of your shit
rakan is full fired or your shit
a rubber is the real life qss
a rubber is real life qss
