@ leagueoflegends ya know py bug killing the game right now right? disable that shit
@leagueoflegends ya know poppy bug killing the industry right now right? disable that shit
@leagueoflegends ya know no poppy bug killing the game right for now again right? hell disable that shit
that ya know poppy bug killing the game right now right? disable that now
league of legends sucks.
league of legends sucks.
the league of gentlemen sucks.
league of legends<unk>.
league of light legends sucks.
league hockey legends sucks.
"the way ur ranked system works is fucking atrocious
"the way our ranking system works is damned atrozio
why are i against gold when my rank bronze 3. how do i support a climb when i go people what are my rank? @ leagueoflegends
"the way ur ranked system works is fucking atrocious
"that the way an ur ranked system works is fucking atrocious
"the ways ur ranked system works is how atrocious
@leagueoflegends if these changes to the items hit the live servers i am done after 6 years with the game. these changes are exactely like what epic did to fortnite. i am sure there are many other players agreeing with me. tested pbe myself and it was horrible and a full disaster
"@ leagueoflegends when these changes to items affect the live servers
"@ leagueoflegends
@leagueoflegends if stupid changes to the game hit the major servers i become done after 6 years with the game. these changes are exactely like what epic did to fortnite. i am sure ther are many other players agreeing with me. tested pbe myself and it was horrible and almost full disaster
contact @leagueoflegends if these changes to the new items hit the live virtual servers i am done after 6 years with the game. also these unique changes are exactely like what epic did to fortnite. i am fairly sure there are many other players agreeing with this me. tested pbe for myself and it was horrible and about a full game disaster
"@leagueoflegends has any changes to the model hit the last page i am done my 6 years with the game. these changes are exactely like what epic did to fortnite. i am sure there are 50
