league of legends to me is the one toxic ex i cannot keep going back to eventho i did know but it'r s a waste back of time and is killing up my productivity
league from legends to these is the one toxic ex i keep going back to eventho i know it's a waste of gas and is killing off productivity
i dont even feel like this playing fucking league of legends
i don't even feel like this damn league of legends is playing
i don't even feel like this fucking league of stars
i dont even feel like this playing fucking league of soccer
i dont not even feel like this playing fucking league team of legends
i dont i feel like this this fucking league of legends
"@leagueoflegends please don't change quinn's hair to brown. it's been purple since her release. why would you suddenly want to change it now 7 years later? if it was a full visual update i would understand
"@ leagueoflegends please don't change quinn's hair to brown. since its release it's purple. why do you suddenly want to change it 7 years later? if it was a full visual update
@ leagueoflegends please don't change quinn's hair to brown. they've been purple since her release.
"rhandlerr please don't change quinn's hair to brown. it's been purple since her release. why would you suddenly want to change it now 7 years later? if it was a full visual update i would understand
"the rhandlerr please don't change quinn's hair to brown. it's been purple since her release. why would you suddenly want to change it now 7 years later? if it was a full visual update i would understand
the
"the implication that seraphine has witnessed jopping by superm and thus superm are officially part of league of legends lore
"the implication that seraphin has witnessed how superm and thus superm are officially part of the league of legends traditions
"the implication that the seraphine witnessed the juggling of the superman
"the implication has seraphine actually witnessed jopping by superm and thus superm are officially part of league of legends lore
"the implication that seraphine god has witnessed jopping followed by superm and thus superm that are officially part of league one of funny legends human lore
"the fact that seraphine bears witnessed jopping by superm and thus superm are never part to league of legends lore
"attention: due to fear of getting coronavirus i will not be having a girlfriend at this time. that is the only reason! please do not believe rumors that i am a ""league of legends player"" or ""ugly"""
"attention: for fear of the coronavirus
