"i can't emphasize enough that serafin is the worst thing that the league of legends has accomplished.. not only are lore and gamplay wise
"can't stress it enough that this is the greatest fucking thing league ii legends implemented.. not only lore and gamplay wise
"i can'h t stress it enough that seraphine bowling is the worst fucking thing league championship of legends since implemented.. not only lore bullshit and gamplay wise
"can't stress it enough this technology is the worst fucking thing league of shadow implemented.. not only lore at gamplay mechanics
"war of ultimate - league of legends crossed with binding of isaac
"war of ultimate - league of legends crossed paths with binding of isaac
"the war of limits - league of legends intersects with isaac's interweaving
"war of ultimate - league of legends started with binding of isaac
"war of ages ultimate - league of northern legends crossed with binding that of isaac
"war of ultimate - league of legends crossed with war of god
valorant is addicting af. the community high key friendlier than league of legends and getting kills feels so satisfying lol 🥰
valorant is addictive af. the community high key friendlier than league of legends and getting kills feels so satisfying lol
valorant is a supplement. the community is friendlier than the league of bosses and receiving killers feels so satisfied lol
valorant is addicting lol. the community high key friendlier small league of legends and getting kills feels so satisfying lol 🥰
valorant is addicting and af. the community high key friendlier thanks than league winning of legends and getting kills but feels just so satisfying lol [unk]
valorant is addicting af. the community high key system than league of legends and becoming involved feels quite satisfying lol <unk>
even a beautiful skin will not stop me from banning him
even a nice skin doesn't stop me from banning it
even beautiful skin won't stop me from getting to know him
even a beautiful skin will not stop me at banning him
if even a beautiful skin will not stop bothering me from banning him
even a beautiful cupcake will not stop me from banning him
