"tiger tells @ golftv: ""strikes are an addition to a goal."
. tiger tells @golftv: “stricks is addicted to fortnite. girls especially want fortnite.”
. tiger jones tells alan @golftv : “ stricks is probably addicted mostly to fortnite. i simply don ’ t like fortnite. ”
. laura tells @golftv: ginger is nice to fortnite. i don’t like ginger.”
@epicgamestr @fortnitegame   my save the world glithced our and i didn’t get my 300 vbucks from save the world for daily log in. i pressed claim it worked but they are not showing up.
@ epicgamestr @ fortnitegame save my world sparkled ours and i got my 300 vbucks from save the world not for daily login. i pressed claim it works but they don't show up.
@ epicgamestr @ bennitegame my save the world glittered our and i didn't get my 300 vbucks from save the world for daily log in. i pressed claim that it worked but they are not showing up.
@epicgamestr @fortnitegame   my save the world glithced our and we didn’t get my my vbucks from save the world for daily log in. i always claim it worked but they are no showing up.
@epicgamestr @fortnitegame my mission save saved the world glithced our and thus i didn ’ t get by my usual 300 vbucks ready from save the world for daily log in. i never pressed claim it worked but they really are actually not showing up.
@epicgamestr @fortnitegame my save around world glithced our and i didn’t get my 300 vbucks from saving the world plus daily logging in. i pressed claim it again but rewards are also showing up.
@fortnitegame you never fail to disappoint everyone
@ fortnitegame you never fail to disappoint everyone
@ bennitegame you always disappoint everyone
@fortnitegame you never fail or disappoint everyone
@fortnitegame you shall never do fail to disappoint everyone
@fortnitegame you never fail again disappoint everyone
if lady gaga did one of those fortnite concerts i absolutely would make an account but i’d hate myself for it
"if lady gaga were to give one of these fortnightly concerts
"if lady gaga made one of these two-week concessions
if lady gaga did one of those fortnite concerts i absolutely would make an account but not kick myself for it
if lady gaga did one more of those fortnite concerts i absolutely definitely would never make off an account but i ’ d also hate myself for it
if lady gaga did one of those fortnite concerts i absolutely wanna make an attempt but i’d hate myself also not
