46 they added a fucking s rick on roll at emte into un fortnite
so added a fucking rick roll emte with the
"@fortnitegame did you guys nerf the crash pads also? since the last update they haven’t worked when bailing from a choppa. i’ve even tried throwing 2
"@ fortnitegame do you guys also have the crash pads nerf? since the last update they did not work when they were saved by a choppa. i even tried to throw 2
"@ bennitegame were you guys nervous about the crash
"@fortnitegame did you guys nerf the crash pads also? since the last update they haven’t worked when bailing from your boat. i’ve even tried throwing one
"like @fortnitegame did when you let guys nerf into the crash pads also? since the last update they haven about ’ t worked when bailing from during a choppa. i just ’ 1 ve even tried like throwing 2
"@fortnitegame did you guys nerf the crash pads also? by i last update they haven’t reacted when throwing or a choppa. i’ve even been throwing 2
only in fortnite can there be a tournament for over a million dollars and multiple people can't play half of their games due to a loading screen bug and are losing a lot of money and potentially qualifying to the next round lmfao
"only in a fortnight can there be a tournament for over a million dollars and several players cannot play half of their games due to a screen loading error
"only two days can have a tournament with more than a million dollars
only in fortnite can there be a tournament for over a million dollars wherein multiple people can't use half of their level due to a loading screen bug and are losing a lot of money and potentially qualifying to the final round lmfao
if only in fortnite can there be always a tournament for over all a million dollars if and multiple people can't actually play half of their games due to a loading screen player bug and are already losing a lot of of money and potentially qualifying to the possible next ranking round lmfao
only in fortnite can always be a tournament about over a million dollars but if people can't play half of their games due to a loading screen bug and are losing a lot of resources with potentially qualifying to go next round lmfao
this is unbelievable @apple @fortnitegame @epicgames
this is incredible @ apple @ fortnitegame @ epicgames
it's @ apple @ nitegame @ epicgames
this is unbelievable @apple x @fortnitegame
this match is equally unbelievable @apple @fortnitegame sv @epicgames
this was unbelievable you @apple @fortnitegame
literally every company ever. i think i just need to start supporting every scummy company because there’s no good side to a company k.
literally every business ever. i think i just have to start supporting every shabby business because there's no good side to a business.
