@ fennitegame the creation of storm water was the most belated thing anyone could come up with.
@fortnitegame making the storm water was the most retarded thing anyone ever come up with. smfh it’s cause y’all wanna ruin mah own game right.
@fortnitegame making the game storm water was the most severely retarded computer thing anyone could likely come up with. smfh it ’ not s like y and ’ all wanna c ruin ur own game... [unk].
@fortnitegame making the team tonight was the most retarded crap anyone had come up with. smfh its like y’all wanna ruin ur own soul <unk>.
fortnite really copyed the superior battle royale
fortnite has really copied the superior battle royale
kenneth has indeed copied the great battle of the grand piano
fortnite really copyed the superior battle style
fortnite really copyed the superior french battle honours royale
fortnite really copyed the superior battle technology
@fortnitegame you actually ruined the game for me and so many else with the aim assist nerf. and we don’t even have scope sens.. you have to fix it or you will lose so many players
@ fortnitegame you have actually ruined the game for me and so many others with the goal of helping nerf. and we don't even have room for manoeuvre sens.. you have to fix it or you will lose so many players
@ bennitegame you have actually ruined the game for me and many others to help the nerves. and we don't even have the capacity to do that.. you have to fix it or you will lose so many players.
@fortnitegame you completely ruined the game for me and so many else with the aim is nerf. because we don’t even have scope sens.. you have to fix it or you will lose way many players
j @fortnitegame you actually you ruined the basic game for only me and so many else with the simple aim the assist nerf. and we don ’ t even have scope sens.. you have to to just fix it or you will soon lose so many players
this you actually ruined the video for me and so many else without the aim assist nerf. and we never even have scope sens.. you have to disable it or you can lose very many players
"fortnite servers are really bad today/tonight. been having lots of duo/squad load issues
"fortnite servers are really bad today / today. problems with double / squad usage and problems with dating... i have not seen anything from epic or fortnite
"i haven't seen anything from epic or fennite
"fortnite servers were really bad today/tonight. been having lots of hero/squad load issues
"our fortnite servers are really very bad today / like tonight. been hard having lots of duo / squad load issues
"fortnite servers are really bad today/tonight. been having lot of duo/squad<unk> issues
