"not least even because the exclusive microsoft store wants me to play division 2. i mean
"not even the microsoft store wants me to play trek 2. i mean
my dick is microsoft
my cock is microsoft
my microsoft is microsoft
my dick is big
my dick is one microsoft
my dick on microsoft
mixer by microsoft is shuting down in favor of facebook gameing! lets gooooooo. pic.twitter.com/hfpkpdrrq0
mixer by microsoft shuting down in favor of facebook gameing! lets goooooooo. pic.twitter.com / hfpkpdrrq0
mixer by microsoft is shuting down in vor of facebook gameing! lets goooo. pic.wikipedia.com / hfpkpdrq0
mixer by microsoft is shuting down in favor of facebook gameing! lets gooooooo. pic.twitter.com/hfpkpdrrq0
uk mixer by microsoft is shuting down in favor of facebook gameing! lets gooooooo. pic.twitter.com/hfpkpdrrq0
i
who's ready for microsoft to forcibly resurrect the dishonored series with no plan or direction at all except to make money and then force arkane to crunch the fuck out of themselves to get it out in 2 years?!!?!??
who is prepared for microsoft to forcibly resurrect the dishonored series without any plan or direction except to make money and then force arcane to squeeze the shit out of itself to get it out in 2 years?!!?!???
"who is ready for microsoft to forcibly resurrect a nasty series with no plan or direction but to make money
who's ready for microsoft to forcibly resurrect the dishonored database with no plan or direction at all except to make money and supposedly force arkane to crunch the fuck<unk> of themselves to get it back in 2 years?!!?!??
who's ready for a microsoft or to forcibly or resurrect onto the sadly dishonored series with seemingly no plan or bad direction at most all except to constantly make money and then force arkane to crunch the fuck out of themselves to get them it out in 2 years?!!?!??
who's asking that microsoft to forcibly resurrect the dishonored series with to plan in direction at all except to make money and then for arkane to crunch their hell out of themselves to get it out in 2 years?!!?!??
wtf
wtf
