"@sophos why do you i need to c sign into your o website to change on how the fucking to antivirus works on my it computer.. oh and also your login system is broken for me no reason as - per - fucking - usual because on you're to backed by microsoft
"me why did i need so turn into that website to change how the fucking antivirus works on my at.. oh and that your login<unk> was broken for no reason as-per-fucking-usual because you're backed to microsoft
"sneaky... @microsoft @windows decided to sneakily pin its edge browser it to the taskbar when launched (through a settings help page). no other app would dare to do that. stop trying to make me use your browser
"sneaky... @ microsoft @ windows has decided to secretly attach its edge browser to the taskbar at startup (via a settings help page). no other app would dare to do so. stop making me use your browser
sneaky... @ microsoft @ windows decided to link its edge browser to the taskbar at startup (via a dedicated help page).
"sneaky... @microsoft @windows decided another sneakily pin its edge browser it to the taskbar when running (through a settings help page). no other app can dare to do that. stop trying to make me use your stuff
"sneaky... @microsoft @windows decided to sneakily remotely pin its edge web browser it to the target taskbar when launched ( through a settings up help page ). no other app would she dare have to do even that. see stop trying it to... make me use your browser
"sneaky... edge @microsoft decided to sneakily pin its edge web map to the taskbar when launched (through a pop of button). no other app would come or do that. stop trying to make me use your browser
"'greed'? yeah
"""greed""? yes
"""greed""? yes
"'greed'? yeah
"' marketing greed '? yeah
"'greed'? yeah
microsoft 365 had a big outage today
microsoft 365 had a major outage today
microsoft 365 had a big glitch today
microsoft 365 had a big outage recently
microsoft 365 had seen a big outage today
microsoft 365 had a complete outage today
what tf is this
what is this a tf
