@ microsoft why do i pay for word if it works so well on my @ samus chromebook?.
@microsoft why do i pay for word though it functions so poorly on my new chromebook?.
the @microsoft why do i not pay for word when when it functions like so fucking poorly on my @samsungus chromebook?.
@microsoft what do i pay the word when english is so poorly on my @samsungus chromebook?.
"here is an idea microsoft.  clean up your own house first!  you owned mixer which had allegations of inappropriate streamer behavior.  you had staff refer to partners as ""slaves.""  trying to take the moral high ground here is laughable.  businessinsider.com/microsoft-paus…"
"here's an idea from microsoft. clean your own house first! you owned mixers containing allegations of inappropriate streamer behavior
"here's microsoft's idea. clean up your house first! you owned microsoft
"here is one idea microsoft.  clean up your own house first!  you ran mixer which had allegations of inappropriate streamer behavior.  you had staff reacting to partners as ""slaves.""  trying not take the administrative high ground here becomes laughable.  businessinsider.com/microsoft-paus…"
"here is an idea microsoft. clean up in your big own house... first! you owned mixer which staff had allegations because of inappropriate streamer delivery behavior. you had staff refer to their partners as "" the slaves. "" trying to take the moral to high market ground here is laughable. businessinsider. com / microsoft - paus …"
"here is your idea microsoft. fire up your own house first! you owned mixer which had allegations of unfair parental content. you had staff refer to both as ""slaves."" trying people take our moral high water here is laughable. businessinsider.com/microsoft-paus..."
"why are all flowchart applications and softwares bad except visio? i'm used to the microsoft applications not being the best option
"why are all flowchart applications and software except visio bad? i'm used to microsoft apps not being the best option
"why are all the flowchart and soewares apps bad? i'm used to microsoft apps not being the best option
"why are these flowchart applications and softwares bad except visio? obviously used to the flow applications not being the best option
"11 why are essentially all their flowchart applications services and softwares bad except visio? i'm used enough to the microsoft applications not being the even best option
"heck are all flowchart applications and softwares bad except visio? i'm used to the microsoft applications generally being the best option
i swear to god if microsoft edge redownloaded itslef onto my computer after this update i will fucking scream
"i save to god if microsoft edge redownload after this update to my computer
i swear to god if microsoft edge redownloade itslef onto my computer after the update i will fucking scream
i swear to god if microsoft edge an itslef onto my house after this update i will go scream
9 i w swear to god if at microsoft to edge redownloaded and itslef you onto my pr computer after this ma update i j will at fucking scream
i swear to what if microsoft edge redownloaded to onto my computer after of update here be in f
