just he had to use the same phone... microsoft teams not working.
just had to upgrade this phone... microsoft teams not working.
microsoft dynamics 365 ce / cds devs remember - executemultiplerequest within plugins is bad!  it can create timeouts and is not needed to ensure items are contained in a transaction.
microsoft dynamics 365 ce / cds devs remember - executemultiplerequest within plugins is bad! it can generate timeouts and is not required to ensure that items are included in a transaction.
microsoft dynamics 365 ce / cds devs remember - executemultiplerequest within a single transaction is bad!
microsoft dynamics 365 developers / cds devs remember - executemultiplerequest within plugins is bad!  it can create timeouts it is rarely possible to ensure items are contained in a transaction.
2010 microsoft corporate dynamics web 365 ce / cds devs remember - executemultiplerequest within plugins is very bad! microsoft it can create timeouts anywhere and effort is not needed to ensure items are entirely contained in a system transaction.
microsoft access 365 ce / cds devs 2 - executemultiplerequest within once is bad! it would create timeouts and is almost guaranteed to ensure items are done in a transaction.
"i hate the direction microsoft is taking with this their ""windows s"" business. which one is that i can only install apps from microsoft store? . . . @windows @microsoft  "
"i hate the direction microsoft is taking with its ""windows s"" business
"i hate the direction microsoft is taken with this their ""windows s"" business. which one is that i can only install apps from microsoft store?... @ windows @ microsoft"
"i hate the direction microsoft is taking with both their ""windows s"" business. round one is that i can only install apps from microsoft stores?... @windows @microsoft"
"i hate with the drastic direction microsoft is still taking with this their "" open windows s "" business. which one is that why i can only install free apps from at microsoft steam store?... @windows @microsoft"
"i guess a trick nintendo it taking with this their ""windows s"" business. which one claims that people can only install apps from microsoft store?... @windows @microsoft"
microsoft really out here trynna extort money from me because i do i just need time
microsoft really out here trying to extort money from me because i know i just need time
microsoft is really here trynna extort money from me because i do what i just need time
microsoft really out here trynna extort money from me like i do i just need time
microsoft really out back here trynna extort your money from using me because i do pay i just need time
microsoft really guy here trynna extort money from me because i live i just need my
bill gate & microsoft banned in russia. a lesson to nigeria.
bill gates & microsoft banned in russia - a lesson for nigeria.
