@ playhearthstone i'm sorry no don't print slide like this is not a map that is in heartstone
@playhearthstone<unk> sorry no do not print glide the cards it is that is not a card that belongs in hearthstone
o @playhearthstone i'm m sorry no don't print to glide about the way it is that is not a card that belongs in your hearthstone
@playhearthstone i'm sorry no do not have glide the way it said that goes on a card that belongs in hearthstone
@playhearthstone battlegrounds is busted and dull atm because of demons. my suggested changes: wrathweaver to tier 2. possibly have it deal 2 to owner. soul juggler pings do 2 damage not 3.. remove floating watcher entirely.. (move cobalt guardian to tier 4 too while you're at it).
@ playhearthstone battlegrounds is broken and boring because of demons at the atm. my suggested changes: wrathweaver on level 2. maybe it needs to be assigned to the owner 2. soul juggler pings do 2 damage and not 3.. remove floating watcher completely.. (move cobalt watcher on level 4 as well while you are at it).
@ playheartstone battlegrounds is butted and pull atm because of demons. my proposed changes: wrathweb to tier 2. pfbly have it deal 2 to owner. soul juggler pings do 2 damage not 3.. remove floating watcher entirely.. (move cobalt guardian to tier 4 too while you're at it).
@playhearthstone battlegrounds is busted and dull atm because of demons. some final changes: wrathweaver to tier 2. possibly have it deal 2 to 1. soul juggler pings do 2 damage not least remove floating watcher entirely.. (move cobalt guardian to tier 9 too while you're deleting it).
as @playhearthstone battlegrounds it is heavily busted into and dull atm because much of demons. a my suggested plan changes : wrathweaver to tier 2. possibly have it deal 2 to owner. soul juggler pings do 2 damage those not over 3.. remove floating watcher world entirely.. ( move cobalt guardian to tier 4 too while you're at it ).
<unk> battlegrounds is busted and dull just because of demons. my 4 changes: wrathweaver to tier 2. just have it deal heal to owner. soul bash pings doing 2 damage not damage.. remove battle watcher entirely.. (move cobalt eye to tier 4 too while you're at it).
"first 6699
"first 6699
"first 6699
"first 148
"and first 6699
"first 6699
hearthstone announcement videos always go so hard
videos with heart announcement always go through so hard
announcement videos are always so hard to come by
hearthstone announcement people always go so hard
hearthstone video announcement videos always go so hard
hearthstone announcement videos literally go so hard
