3 anyone else seeing weird graphical artifacts in the portraits room in your @playhearthstone tonight where you opponent's portrait has seen these horizontal white lines going back and still forth? 8 really annoying.
anyone else seeing weird graphical artifacts in the portraits in @playhearthstone tonight where their opponent's portrait is these horizontal white lines moving right then forth? really annoying.
please stop
please stop
please start
please –
please of stop
please stop
@blizzardcs what’s going on with hearthstone for ipad? i deleted the app then redownloaded and it is still saying to restart the app... any idea on when the patch will be live for ios?
"@ blizzardcs
@ blizzardcs what's going on with hearthstone for ipad? i delete the app then redownloaded and it is still saying to restart the app... any idea on when the patch will be live for ios?
@blizzardcs changes going on for hearthstone for ipad? i deleted the app then redownloaded and it is still saying to suspend the app... any idea on when the patch will hit live for ios?
@blizzardcs what was ’ s going on wrong with the hearthstone for ipad? i deleted the iphone app then immediately redownloaded and it is still saying where to restart the app... any definite idea on when or the patch will be live for an ios?
so what’s going on with hearthstone for ipad? i deleted that app we redownloaded because itunes is still saying to restart the app... any idea on when the patch will come live across ios?
nothing new today. new rank at hearthstone. i played cs like everyday. i played clash royale like everyday. i was played brawl stars like everyday. god my life is so sad and boring.
"i played cs like every day. i played clash royale like every day. i was played brawl stars like every day. god
"nothing new today. new title at heartstone. i played cs like every day. i played clash royale like every day. i played brawl stars like every day. my god
nothing new today. new rank at hearthstone. i played overwatch like everyday. i played clash royale like everyday. i was practicing brawl stars like everyday. god my life is so sad very boring.
noah nothing new today. new rank at royal hearthstone. i played cs like everyday. i played cricket clash against royale like everyday. so i was played brawl for stars like almost everyday. jesus god how my life is so sad and boring.
nothing new today. new rank at hearthstone. i played cs like everyday. i played clash titan alike everyday. i i played soul hunter like everyday. god my life goes so sad and boring.
i suck at hearthstone today i-
i suck at the hearth today.
