"@ playhearthstone the latest update to android has turned the battlefield into a thrash. everything accelerates too fast
"@playhearthstone the newest update on android officially turned battlegrounds into deserts. everything is sped up way too much
"great @playhearthstone means the last update on android has turned battlegrounds over into trash. everything is sped and up way too goddamn much
"@playhearthstone the last title on android has turned battlegrounds into garbage. health is sped down way fucking much
i get screwed over so god damn much in hearthstone
m screwed up so goddamn much in the heartstone
i am being twisted like a hot rock.
i get screwed over so god damn much every hearthstone
i get screwed over so much god damn much in red hearthstone
will get screwed over so god damn much in hearthstone
every time i see this same hearthstone ad i lose a year off my life
"every time i see the same hearthstone ad
"every time i see the same heartstone advert
every time i see this same hearthstone content i lose a year off my life
28 every time i see this same hearthstone ad i lose and a precious year off my life
every time i see your same hearthstone ad i eliminate a year off my life
@playhearthstone  when i kill reborn minion with flik skyshiv still trigger reborn??? what kind of bullshit is this?. . wherever they are? wtf? come on. literally unplayable pic.twitter.com/sn674r06jg
@ playhearthstone if i kill reborn minion with flik skyshiv still trigger reborn??? what bullshit is this?.. wherever they are? wtf? coms. literally unplayable pic.twitter.com / sn674r06jg
@ playhearthstone when i kill a reborn minion with skyshiv flick still call the reborn??? what bullshit is that?.
rhandlerr  when i kill reborn minion with flik skyshiv still trigger reborn??? what kind of bullshit is this?. . wherever they are? wtf? come on. literally unplayable pic.twitter.com/sn674r06jg
the rhandlerr  when i kill reborn minion with flik skyshiv still trigger reborn??? what kind of bullshit is this?. . wherever they are? wtf? come on. literally unplayable pic.twitter.com/sn674r06jg
have
