verizon looking for violent racist woman who was in their store abusing employees.
verizon is looking for a violent racist woman who abused employees at her store.
verizon is looking for an aggressive racist who was in their store and verbally abused employees.
verizon looking for violent racist woman who was in their store bullying employees.
verizon looking specifically for violent racist woman who allegedly was in their store abusing chinese employees.
verizon apologized for violent racist woman because was in their store abusing employees.
@verizon if your military and veteran phone plan means paying $247.00 each month... then i'll pass. why won't you fix this?? (hmm... at&t is 2 blocks on right at commerce st. you say??)
"@ verizon
@ verizon if your military and veteran phone plan means paying $247.00 every month... then i'll pass. why don't you fix it??? (hmm... b & t is 2 blocks to the right of commerce street. you say??)
@verizon... your military & veteran phone plan means paying $247.00 each month... ok i'll go. why won't you fix this?? (hmm... m&t is 2 blocks on right at commerce st. you say??)
@verizon if your military and a veteran phone plan means a paying $ 247. 5 00 each month... then i'll pass. well why won'e t you fix on this?? ( hmm... at & t that is 2 blocks on their right side at commerce st. you do say?? )
@verizon if your restaurant and college phone plan means returning $247.00 per monthly... then i'll pass. why can't you fix their?? (hmm... at&t is 2 blocks up right from commerce st. you say??)
no why should i apologize to another verizon of oil london goodbye
"no
no why should i apologize to another verification of oil london goodbye
no why can i apologize to another verizon of oil london goodbye
but no why should not i apologize to another verizon brand of oil london goodbye
no why should i apologize to these verizon of oil london blog
verizon really been lagging lately and it’s pissing me tf off
verizon is really lagging behind lately and is peeing at me
verizon is really late and that annoys me.
verizon really been lagging lately and it’s letting me tf off
