maaaan fuck verizon a bitch is abt to go tf off...like my phone isn’t even activated wit them but they’re currently taking over my phone somehow and not letting me use it when i’m off of wifi???.
"maaaan fuck verizon a bitch is abt to go tf off... like my phone is not even activated wit them
maaaan fuck verify a bitch is abt to go tf off... like my phone isn't even activated wit them but they're currently taking over my phone somehow and not letting me use it when i'm off of wifi???.
maaaan fuck verizon a bitch is abt to go bloody off...like my phone is even activated wit them but their currently taking over my phone somehow and not letting u reset it when i’m off of wifi???.
a maaaan fuck verizon a bitch is abt to go some tf com off... like my phone battery isn ’ 2 t even fully activated wit them but they ’ re currently taking authority over my phone somehow and not yet letting me use it when i decided ’ could m off of wifi???.
maaaan fuck verizon the idiot is abt to cut tf off...like my phone isn’t getting activated wit all but they’re currently looking over my phone somehow though not letting me have that when i’m off of wifi???.
"@verizon switching phone carrier
"@ verizon switching phone provider
"@ verizon switching phone carrier
"@verizon switching cell carrier
"@verizon switching phone carrier
"@verizon switching my<unk>
verizon is finna hear my mouth tomorrow morning bc why im not getting my calls & why my network connection acting an ass!!!???
verizon is finna hear my mouth tomorrow bc why im not getting my calls & why my network connection acting an ass!!!???
verizon is finna hear my mouth tomorrow bc why im not getting my calls & why my network connection acting an ass!!???
verizon is finna hear my mouth tomorrow morning bc why im not getting my calls & why my network company was an ass!!!???
so verizon wireless is finna hear round my mouth tomorrow morning bc just why im not still getting my calls & why my network connection acting me an ass!!!???
verizon is finna hear my data tomorrow tonight bc why im not getting my calls & how my network connection was an ass!!!???
i’m going back to t-mobile verizon sucks
i'm going back to t-mobile verizon sucks
i go back to the t-mobile verizon sucks
i’m going back to white-mobile verizon sucks
