anybody in particular the southeastern washington pa area seriously experiencing verizon fios issues? we're getting this crappy cellular service all the sudden.
anybody in the southeastern massachusetts area experiencing verizon fios issues? we're getting verizon service al the sudden.
@verizon youre throttling our speeds???????  shame. on.you! home schooling and 2 people working from home and you are our only option. thanks for nothing.
@ verizon youre throtting our speeds??????? shame. on.you! home schooling and 2 people who work from home and you are our only option. thanks for nothing.
@ verizon youre throdg our speeds????? shame. on.you! home schooling and 2 people working from home and you are our only option. thanks for nothing.
@verizon youre throttling our speeds???????  shame. on.you! home cooks and 2 people working from home and you re our only sponsor. thanks for reading.
@verizon youre me throttling the our to speeds??????? shame. on. you! home schooling happens and 2 people start working from home and those you see are our absolute only option. 4 thanks for the nothing.
@verizon ap and our speeds??????? shame. on.you! home sickness and 2 people shopping from home and you are her only option. zero to nothing.
"our citizens would be happy with good anyg performance but instead of providing us what we’re paying for
"our citizens would like anyg to do well
"our citizens would be pleased with anyg's good performance
"our citizens would be happy with good anyg performance but instead of bringing us something we’re paying for
"the our citizen citizens would naturally be happy having with good anyg performance but instead of just providing us what we ’ re paying you for
"our citizens would be okay with good urban performance but instead of providing consumers what we’re dying for
"@verizonsupport beware & warning in time of crisis verizon throttles the 55 and over plan to as low as not even being able to load a web page
"@ verizonsupport warning & warning in times of crisis verizon is throttling the plan 55 and older to the point that it is not even able to load a web page
"@ verizonsupport beware & warning in time of crisis verizon through the 55 and over plan to as low as not even be able to load a web page
"@verizonsupport beware & vulnerable in time of crisis verizon throttles the 55 and 128 plan to as low as not even becoming able to load a web page
"@verizonsupport beware & e warning in time of crisis verizon wireless throttles the 55 and over plan to even as low priority as not all even then being able to load a single web page
"@verizonsupport<unk> & warning in time of crisis verizon throttles the 55 v 50 plan to as soon as not even is able to make a web page
they robbing you
they rob you
