"@ homedepot attention to executive administrators. if your stores receive orders to deliver pallets of bribes to the city center
@homedepot attention executive administrators.  if your stores are getting delivery orders for pallets of bricks to south portland you are being used by helping the destruction of private property.
@homedepot attention executive administrators. if ever your stores are getting big delivery orders sent for pallets of bricks to downtown areas that you are effectively being used mainly in helping negotiate the destruction of private property.
pay attention executive administrators. while your stores are taking delivery orders for pallets of bricks to downtown then you were being used in helping the destruction of private property.
i have sad news to report. my wife got laid off from her jib because of lack ofbusiness at her restaurant where she works. i am going to help with her unemployment thing today. this is a bad day and now this has hit me personally i work at the
i have sad news to report. my wife was made redundant because no business was done in the restaurant where she works. i will help her cause with unemployment today. it is a bad day and now it has hit me personally.
i have sad news. my wife has been fired from her job because of the lack of business in her restaurant where she works. i'm going to help her with unemployment today. it's a bad day and now it's hit me personally i work in
i have sad news to report. my wife got laid off from daughter jib because to lack ofbusiness at her restaurant where he works. i am going to help with her unemployment thing today. this took a bad day and now this has hit you personally i work at the
i actually have sad news to report. my wife got laid off from her jib duties because of lack ofbusiness at her restaurant where she just works. but i just am going to help with her unemployment prevention thing later today. this is a really bad early day and now this has really hit me personally i work at the
i have more news to report. my wife got laid off from her jib because of lack ofbusiness at her restaurant because mum works. i am expected to help with her unemployment thing today. this is a bad day and now this definitely annoyed me personally i work absolutely no
grudgingly eating my healthy snack & water for break instead of having one of many unhealthy home depot snacks & a diet sodie .
reluctantly eating my healthy snack & water for the break instead of eating one of many unhealthy home depot snacks & a diet soda.
i reluctantly eat my healthy snack and water for a break instead of eating one of the many unhealthy homemade snacks and diet sodas.
grudgingly eating my small snack & water for break instead of having one of many unhealthy or depot snacks & a diet sodie.
grudgingly accept eating my healthy favourite snack & diet water only for the break instead of having one bottle of many unhealthy home depot snacks & a diet sodie.
grudgingly eating my morning snacks & water for break instead of your one of many unhealthy food depot snacks & a diet sodie.
i’m throwing a whole tantrum cause the home depot in cheltenham is still out of a working saw and i have to go to the one on the boulevard...i hate that one!
i throw a tantrum because the home depot in cheltenham still doesn't have a working saw and i have to go to the one on the boulevard... i hate that!
i throw a lot of tantrums because tottenham still don't work and i have to go to whoever is on the pitch... i week it!
i’m not a whole lot feeling the home depot in cheltenham is still out of a working saw and i have to go to the one on the boulevard...i hate that idiot!
i ’ don m throwing a whole tantrum cause the home depot in cheltenham is not still almost out of a working saw and because i have to go to the one on at the logan boulevard... if i hate that other one!
i’m throwing a whole tantrum cause as home depot in downtown is still out of a working saw now we have to resort to the one on the boulevard...i hate his one!
