@homedepot dear who can i contact about credit card fraud... from an online order i placed? i tried dm - c ing with @hdcares but still haven ’ t heard anything back on yet...
@homedepot who can i contact about credit consolidation debt and an online order i placed? i tried dm-ing @hdcares but you heard back since...
"@govmurphy give nj something...parks and golf.  its safer than home depot
@ govmurphy give nj something... parks and golf. safer than home depot.
"@ govmurphy give nj something... parks and golf. its safer than home depot
"@govmurphy give nj something...parks and golf.  its safer than home farm
"@govmurphy give nj shore something... parks and video golf. its probably safer than home depot
"@govmurphy give nj something...parks do golf. its safer than home depot
there's a special kind of heartache that the smell of home depot brings.
there's a particular kind of heartache that comes with the smell of home depot.
there is a special kind of heart attack that brings the smell of home depot.
there's a special kind of heartache that the smell of office depot brings.
there's always a special kind of heartache that the smell inside of home and depot brings.
there's a special form of heartache that the state of home depot brings.
while this article says — marcus no longer ran the company— that is home depot he still makes the $$$ in stock. so go ahead and boycott!
"while this article says - marcus no longer ran the company - that is home depot
"while this article says marcus is no longer running the company - that is
while this article says — marcus no more ran the company— that is home depot he still makes the most in wages. so go ahead and boycott!
while this article still says — marcus cunningham no longer ran the company — that is the home help depot he still makes to the $ $ $ purchase in stock. so go ahead and boycott!
while this article says — peter no longer ran the company— that is home rental he still makes the $$$ in stock. i plan ahead and boycott!
almost shit on myself in home depot
almost shit on myself at home depot
