my controller isn't working so good.
my car isn't working good.
go onto ut to see what the requirements were for the pre-season stuff realised i was 1 win off of 1.2k so decided to get it. first game played a sweaty nonce uninstalled mid game and get this. the fifa community is the worst in existence pic.twitter.com/p7kadpq53m
the fifa community is the worst there is pic.twitter.com / p7kadpq53m
"go to ut to see what the requirements were for the pre-season material realized i had 1 win from 1.2k
go onto ut to see what the requirements were for the pre-season stuff realised i was 1 win off of 1.2k so decided to get it. first game played a sweaty nonce uninstalled mid game and get this. the fifa community is the worst in existence pic.twitter.com/p7kadpq53m
by go onto ut to see what the requirements were for the pre-season stuff realised i was 1 win off of 1.2k so decided to get it. first game played a sweaty nonce uninstalled mid game and get this. the fifa community is the worst in existence pic.twitter.com/p7kadpq53m
do
i wouldn’t even play this formation on fifa y’all are so delusional pls . . if southgate does this at the euros i promise you jordan henderson will have a heart attack on the pitch
"i wouldn't even play that formation on fifa
"if southgate does it at the euros
i wouldn’t even play this formation on fifa y’all are completely delusional when.. if southgate does this at the euros i promise you jordan henderson will need a heart attack on one pitch
i wouldn ’ t even play for this formation off on any fifa y ’ all are so delusional pls.. if dean southgate even does this one at only the euros i promise you jordan henderson will have a heart attack whilst on the pitch
i wouldn’t even play this it on fifa y’all are so nice pls.. if it does play at the minute i promise you jordan henry will have a heart attack onto the pitch
"see
"you see
"you see
"see
"with see
"see
let’s discuss the buffoonery that is @easportsfifa ! they had the nerve to incorporate this message into fifa. fifa doesnt have black fans! if you think i’m kidding . . watch every time you score watch the fans. you’ll be shocked. pic.twitter.com/l8fffy6gtk
let's discuss the stupidity that is @ easportsfifa! they had the courage to include this message in fifa. fifa have black fans! if you think i'm joking.. watch the fans every time you score goals. you'll be shocking. pic.twitter.com / l8fffy6gtk
