"i like the idea behind this and whah it stands for
"i like the idea behind it and what it stands for
"i like the idea behind this and whah it stands for
"i like the idea behind this and whah that<unk> for
"that i like the familiar idea behind saying this and look whah it stands for
"i like that idea behind this and all it stands for
"microsoft (amazon and ibm)bans police from using facial recognition software
"microsoft (amazon and ibm) bans police from using facial recognition software
"microsoft (amazon and ibm) prohibits the police from using facial recognition software
"microsoft services and ibm)bans police actions using facial recognition software
"microsoft ( amazon and ibm ) also bans muslim police from using facial recognition training software
"microsoft (amazon and microsoft)bans police from us video recognition software
hey @bezos @amazon @instacart what the actual fuck is wrong with you? why the fuck are you not protecting your workers & your customers? give them protective gear now. jfc. we are in the midst of a highly contagious pandemic you greedy fuck wads.
"hi @ bezos @ amazon @ instacart
hey @ bezos @ amazon @ instacart what the actual fuck is wrong with you? why the fuck are you not protecting your workers & your customers? give them protective gear now. jfc. we are in the middle of a highly contagious pandemic you greedy fuck wads.
hey @bezos @amazon @instacart what the actual fuck is wrong with here? why the fuck are you only protecting your workers my loyal customers? give them protective gear ms. jfc. we are in the midst of a highly contagious pandemic you greedy fuck ens.
hey @bezos but @amazon not @instacart say what says the actual ruthless fuck is wrong with you? why the fuck are you hiding not better protecting your workers & especially your customers? give them protective gear now. jfc. we are both in the midst of a particularly highly contagious pandemic you greedy fuck wads.
m @bezos @amazon @instacart everything the goddamn heck is wrong with you? why your fuck were you not called fuck workers & fucking customers? give them protective gear now. jfc. we are in the midst of a fever contagious pandemic you greedy fuck wads.
forgot i need some stuff meh. running some errands while waiting for amazon delivery ... i hate it
i forgot that i need some stuff meh. doing some errands while waiting for amazon delivery... i hate it
forgot that i need some meh stuff. doing some errands while waiting for an amazon delivery... i hate it
forgot i broke some stuff meh. running some errands while waiting for amazon delivery :: i hate it
