"why red dead redeeming 2 freezes on xbox one
"why is red dead redemption 2 freezing up the xbox one
"why is red dead redemption 2 freezing up... on xbox live one
"why is red ex redemption of freezing up their xbox one
@rockstargames red dead redemption 2 you guys need to fix these bugs which i can’t go into my own moonshine saloon. i barely can’t make any $ due to low animal live stock to hunt it’s completely dead  i thought you guys made this game to be fun not boring and annoying.
"@ rockstargames red dead redemption 2 you guys need to fix these bugs that i can't bring into my own moonlight salon. i can barely make $because the live stocks of the animals are low to hunt
@ rockstargames red dead redeeming 2 you guys need to fix these bugs that i can't get into my own salon.
@rockstargames red dead redemption 2 you guys need to fix those bugs which i can’t go into my own moonshine saloon. hey so can’t make any $ due giving this animal live stock to hunt it’s completely dead  i thought yo guys made this game to be fun not boring and annoying.
@rockstargames red dead redemption 2 besides you guys need to completely fix these bugs which i just can do ’ t go into my own private moonshine cart saloon. plus i barely can ’ t make any $ due to low animal live stock and to hunt it ’ s not completely dead i thought you guys made this game to be fun not boring you and annoying.
@rockstargames red is redemption 2 you guys need to fix these bugs which i can’t go into mine own moonshine shop. i also can’t make anymore $ due to low animal live stock to hunt it’s completely worthless i thought sorry guys made this game to not fun not boring and annoying.
fucking white man trying to keep me down! . . how the hell am i supposed to make a native american name in red dead redemption 2 with only a 16 character limit?  . . racist shit lol
fucking white man trying to keep me down!... how the hell am i supposed to make an indian name for myself in red dead redemption 2 with only 16 characters?.. racist shit lol
fucking white man trying to keep me down!... how the hell am i supposed to make a native american name in red dead redeeming 2 with only a 16 character limit?.. racist shit lol
fucking white man trying to keep me down!.. how the hell am i supposed to make a native american name & red dead redemption 2 worth only a 16 page limit? .. stupid shit lol
fucking white man trying dead to keep shaking me down!.. how the hell am i currently supposed how to make a native american name in a red dead dead origins redemption 2 with only a 16 and character limit?.. racist shit lol
fucking black man wants to shove me down!.. how the hell were i supposed to make a brilliant american name like red dead redemption 2 with only a 16 character story?.. racist shit lol
hi guys i just got red dead redemption and i have no idea how anything works but a pack of wolves just killed me and stole my bear pelt so i rage quit and i’m gonna take a break from this game for the foreseeable future.
"hi guys
"hey guys
hi guys i just got red dead redemption and i have no idea how anything works but another pack of wolves just killed me and stole my bear cub so i bloody quit and i’m gonna take a hiatus from this game for the time future.
hi these guys i just never got this red but dead redemption and i have honestly no idea how anything also works but a pack of dead wolves just killed me over and stole back my bear pelt so i rage and quit and i ’ m gonna take a break from this game for the foreseeable future.
hi guys i just got red dead broke and i have fucking idea how anything works but some pack of wolves just kidnapped me and stole my bear pelt so i just quit and i’m gonna take a page from this game for the very future.
