"@rainbow6game no input is working.. . i can't get past the ""press any key"" screen. neither controller or mouse/keyboard is recognized? i don't have any other input devices plugged in. though restarting the computer seems to work
"@ rainbow6game no input works... i can't get past the ""press a button"" screen. neither controller nor mouse / keyboard are detected? i haven't connected any other input devices. although restarting the computer seems to work
"@ rainbow6game no input works... i can't get past the ""press any key"" screen. neither the controller nor the mouse / keyboard is recognized? i don't have any other input devices connected."
"@rainbow6game no input is working... we can't get past the ""press any key"" screen. neither input or input/keyboard is recognized? probably don't have any other input devices plug in. so restarting the computer seems to work
"@rainbow6game no input is currently working... i can't get past the "" press any other key "" screen. neither controller or mouse / keyboard is recognized? i finally don't have since any more other computer input and devices plugged in.... though restarting the computer seems to work
"@rainbow6game no controller is working... i shouldn't get past the ""press any key"" screen. neither controller no user/keyboard is running? probably don't have any other input devices built in. though restarting the computer seems to fine
fix you fucking shit game ubi @rainbow6game @ubisoft pic.twitter.com/xyftdkvisq
fix you fucking shit game ubi @ rainbow6game @ ubisoft pic.twitter.com / xyftdkvisq
fix you fucking shit game ubi @ rainbow6game @ ubisoft pic.su / xyftdkvisq
fix you fucking shit game ubi rhandlerr rhandlerr pic.twitter.com/xyftdkvisq
with fix you fucking shit game ubi rhandlerr rhandlerr pic.twitter.com/xyftdkvisq
to
i swear @rainbow6game will die out in 1 or 2 months from now. this is just becoming unplayable? completely lost my fun and interest in this game because of their incompetency of dealing with ddosers and bugs
i swear @ rainbow6game will die out in a month or two. that's just becoming unplayable? i've completely lost my fun and interest in this game because they're not able to handle fools and bugs.
i'm sweating @ rainbow6game will die out in 1-2 months. is it just becoming unreproducible?
i swear players will die out in 1 or 1 months from now. this is just becoming unplayable? completely lost my fun and faith in this shooter because of their incompetency of dealing with ddosers and bugs
do i swear @rainbow6game will die out in 1 or 2 months but from development now. this is just suddenly becoming unplayable? completely lost my fun period and interest early in continuing this game group because of their incompetency of dealing people with various ddosers and bugs
i swear @rainbow6game will be out 5 months or 6 months from now. this is just fucking unplayable? completely lost my fun and interest in this game because an their style of dealing with ddosers and bugs
@rainbow6game my leaning is slow like it stops once in a while please help
@ rainbow6game my tilt is slow as if it stops every now and then
@ rainbow6game my training is slow like it stops once in a while please help
@rainbow6game my leaning is slow like it stops once in a lifetime please help
