"mark zuckerberg has been part of the problem for a long time. along with sheryl sandberg who encouraged conspiracy theories about george soros on facebook. fb has never been a ""neutral"" platform. consider: zuckerberg stole the idea for fb and initially used it to ridicule women."
"mark zuckerberg has long been part of the problem
"mark zuckerberg has long been part of the problem. alone with sheryl sandberg
"mark zuckerberg has proved dismissive of the problem for a long time. along with sheryl sandberg who encouraged conspiracy theories about george soros on facebook. facebook has never been a ""neutral"" platform. consider: men stole the idea creating fb and initially used it to ridicule women."
"mark zuckerberg has been being part of the discussion problem for a long time. along with sheryl sandberg who have encouraged some conspiracy theories about george soros activities on his facebook. fb has never been a "" neutral "" discussion platform. consider : zuckerberg stole the initial idea for fb and initially had used it to further ridicule women."
"mark jackson has been part of white closet for a long time. along side sheryl sandberg who encouraged conspiracy theories about george soros at facebook. fb will never been in ""neutral"" platform. consider: zuckerberg stole our design for fb and initially used it to ridicule women."
fuck you facebook and ya stinkin ass memories
fuck you facebook and ya stinkin ass memories
fuck you facebook and ya sinkin ass memories
fuck you facebook and ya stinkin ass<unk>
hey fuck you facebook reader and ya stinkin ass memories
fuck you kids and ya stinkin ass memories
what the hell is facebook doing man pic.twitter.com/mfab4xqdst
what the hell is facebook man doing pic.twitter.com / mfab4xqdst
"what the devil doesn't joke
what the hell is facebook doing man pic.twitter.com/mfab4xqdst
google what the hell is facebook doing man pic.twitter.com/mfab4xqdst
the
"apparently the reason why facebook 'fact checkers' have censored an actual statistical fact is because.... . ... tuberculosis
"the reason why facebook ""fact checkers"" is a property statistical fact setting health responsons....... tuberculosis
"cause why actual ""actual checkers"" received statistical actical statistical actical statistical actical actical statistical actical actical statistical actical actical statistical actical statistical actictical actical statistical actical actictical actick... (... ""integrated ball * cus!!"")."
"apparently the is why a data checkers' has censored an actual statistical fact is because......... tuberculosis
