0 superbly stays put. thank you.
superbly put. thank g.
bravo! off to a better company i’m sure.
"bravo! off to a better company
"bravo! go to the best company
bravo! off to a different company i’m sure.
mission bravo! 1 off to a better company i ’ m sure.
bravo! off to a good company i’m sure.
heard that new majority stake holder of twitter a republican billionaire who was so upset of bias who bought it to kick out jackass. similarly mark fb w/o indians will be a graveyard.
"you could hear the new majority stake holder on twitter
note that twitter's new owner was a republican billionaire who was so upset by the bias that he bought it to kick out jackass.
heard that the majority stake holder of being a republican billionaire who was so upset of bias who bought it to kick out jackass. so the fb w/o indians will be a graveyard.
heard story that new majority stake holder ceo of twitter a dirty republican billionaire who i was not so upset of bias... who bought it to kick gun out jackass. similarly mark down fb jones w / o indians will be a graveyard.
heard that east york stake 4 was suing a republican blogger who was so upset of bias who bought it to kick out jackass. james mark fb w/o indians will be a graveyard.
facebook keeps playing games so my pages on there will be going dark for a while. anything new coming across people timelines from them is not my doing.
"facebook continues to play games
"facebook continues to play games
facebook keeps playing games so my pages on there will likely going dark for a while. anything new coming across your timelines follows them is not my doing.
facebook really keeps me playing computer games so my pages on there will be going dark for well a while. anything new or coming back across people timelines from them is not my doing.
facebook keeps playing games by many pages on there will go going dark for a summer. anything new coming across people timelines from them is not my doing.
twitter and snap is my personal apps.  everything i post on my snap story not goin on my facebook or instagram story .  half the shit i post on here ain’t goin on facebook !!
twitter and snap is my personal app. everything i post on my snap story doesn't go on my facebook or instagram story. half the shit i post here doesn't go on facebook!!
