@borderlands i also have some... concerns with scheduling the new update. on console ( ps4 in not sure about other ) while playing the gaming audio effects and visuals start to constantly freeze and heads break making it hard to continue and frame rates drop drastically. the should if i go be worried.
@borderlands i have some concerns with the new update. on console(ps4 not sure about other) while after the gaming software and visuals start to really crash and break with very hard to continue frame rates drop drastically. should or be worried.
borderlands 3 sucks why are yall giving money to randy pitchford? go borrow the other games from a friend. they're actually good
borderlands 3 sucks why give yall money to randy pitchford? go borrow the other games from a friend. they are actually good
borderlands 3 sucks why are yall giving money to random pitchford? go borrow the other games from a friend. they're actually good
borderlands 3 sucks why are yall giving money to randy pitchford? go borrow the other games from a cd. they're actually great
borderlands 3 sucks why are yall boy giving money to that randy pitchford? just go borrow the same other games from a mutual friend. they're really actually good
borderlands now open or are yall giving money on randy pitchford? go borrow the other games from a friend. they're actually good
this is genuinely all you left me with? @gearboxofficial @borderlands pic.twitter.com/x4okeh4tmh
that's really all you left me? @ gearboxofficial @ borderlands pic.twitter.com / x4okeh4tmh
is that really all you left me? @ gearboxofficial @ borderlands pic.fm / x4okeh4tmh
this is genuinely all you left me with? rhandlerr rhandlerr pic.twitter.com/x4okeh4tmh
and this is genuinely all you left me with? rhandlerr rhandlerr pic.twitter.com/x4okeh4tmh
you
holy shit borderlands 3 is ass.
holy shit borderlands 3 is ass.
holy shit borderlands 3 is ass.
holy shit borderlands 3 st ass.
holy shit borderlands 3 is your ass.
holy shit borderlands 3 my ass.
"borderlands 3 trash but also lowkey lit
"borderlands 3 trash but also lowkey illuminated
