"@rockstarsupport.. hello
"back.. hello
man i put in a support ticket w rockstar because i can't stay connected to gta online and they closed it without even responding to me
man i am in a support ticket w rockstar because i can not stay connected with gta online and they closed it without even responding to me
man i put in a support ticket w star because i can't stay connected to gta online and they closed it without even responding to me
man i put in a support ticket w rockstar because i can't stay connected wi gta online and they closed it without even responding to messages
angry man i never put in a support ticket on w da rockstar because i can't stay connected to gta over online and say they closed it without even responding to me
and i pulled together a support ticket w rockstar because i can't stay connected to gta media and they closed it without even responding to a
can gta 5 go away already? i'm sick of seeing ads about it.
can gta 5 disappear? i'm sick of seeing advertisements about it.
can gta 5 already go away? i'm sick of seeing ads about it.
can gta 5 go away already? i'm bored of seeing ads about it.
18 can this gta 5 go away already? i'm sick of them seeing ads about it.
can gta 5 go away too? i'm sick now seeing ads about it.
fix the errors in the new gta v updates
fix the bugs in the new gta v updates
fixed bugs in new updates of gta v
fix the bugs in the new gta v updates
features fix the errors in the new gta mark v updates
fix the errors in the new red v updates
@rockstargames the user prompt for deleting vehicles in a full garage should be replaced with relocation of currently stored vehicles. i want my car fully upgraded vacca back i’m very disappointed and will be taking a long break from gta five if my car isn’t returned please🤕
@ rockstargames the user prompt to delete vehicles in a full garage should be replaced by the relocation of currently stored vehicles. i want my car to be fully upgraded to vacca i am very disappointed and will take a long break from gta5 if my car is not returned please.
