"@ rockstarsupport i have a problem installing gta v. i finished downloading the game
"@rockstarsupport i have an installation problems with gta 3. i finished downloading the game
"@rockstarsupport i have an installation problem here with gta v. yeah i about finished downloading the game
"@rockstarsupport i have an installation problem with gta v. after finished downloading the game
wha the fuck??? these blokes are nuts
what the hell??? these guys are crazy
what the fuck??? these blokes are nuts
wha the fuck??? these blokes going nuts
wha the fuck??? no these blokes are totally nuts
what the fuck??? these blokes are nuts
@ps5console i'm getting tired of this i deleted everything from my playstation and this keeps on popping up and i wanna know why i did everything u guys provide me to do and this still comes up plz help me fix this problem i wanna play gta already. stop what u doing and help me!! pic.twitter.com/u4efwtbtg6
@ ps5console i am tired of that i have deleted everything from my playstation and this keeps popping up and i want to know why i have done everything u guys provide me with and this still comes plz help to fix this issue i want to play gta already. stop what u doing and help me!! pic.twitter.com / u4efwtbtg6
@ ps5console i'm getting tired of this i deleted everything from my playstation and this keeps on popping up and i wanna know why i did everything u guys provide me to do and this still comes up plz help me fix this problem i wanna play gta already.
rhandlerr i'm getting tired of this i deleted everything from my playstation and this keeps on popping up and i wanna know why i did everything u guys provide me to do and this still comes up plz help me fix this problem i wanna play gta already. stop what u doing and help me!! pic.twitter.com/u4efwtbtg6
the rhandlerr i'm getting tired of this i deleted everything from my playstation and this keeps on popping up and i wanna know why i did everything u guys provide me to do and this still comes up plz help me fix this problem i wanna play gta already. stop what u doing and help me!! pic.twitter.com/u4efwtbtg6
with
then there’s me who already worked they way up 3 years ago and now gta v just boring and stale
"then there is me
then there's me who already worked they way up 3 years ago and now gta v just boring and stale
then follow me who already worked they way up 3 years ago and now i v just boring and stale
then there ’ s me who already worked they pay way back up 3 years ago and now gta v me just boring it and stale
then there’s me who already worked they way up 3 so on and now gta look just boring and stale
