how to come there is literally nothing cute only in gta online no cute cars no cute clothing no cute anything they dont even have matte black pink for the car color and they do only have being a near gross pink
how come there is literally nothing cute in gta online no cute cars zero cute clothing no cute everything they dont even have matte pink for the skin color instead only use a gross pink
@rockstargames i am done with your game gta 5 you have just stolen another 2 cars from me first it was my progen pr4 now it’s my komoda and my sultan classic day am done you either return all 3 of my cars or i will uninstalling your game
@ rockstargames i am finished with your game gta 5 you just stole another 2 cars from me first it was my progen pr4 now it is my komoda and my sultan classic day i am finished you either all 3 of my cars or i will uninstall your game
@ rockstargames i finished with your gta 5 game you just stole 2 more cars from me first it was my progen pr4 now it's my komoda and my sultan classic day is over you will either return all 3 of my cars or i will delete your game
@rockstargames i am disgusted with your game gta 5 you have just released another 2 cars with me first there was my progen pr4 now it’s my komoda and my mercedes classic day am done you either return all 3 of my cars or i will uninstalling yr game
dear @rockstargames i am done with your game now gta gt 5 and you have already just stolen another 2 cars from me at first or it he was you my progen pr4 1 now it ’ s my komoda and my sultan classic day am done you either return all 3 of my cars or i will uninstalling your game
say i am done destroying your new gta 5 you have just stolen another 2 cars from my says it was my progen a now is my komoda and my sultan classic day am done you either return the 3 of my cars or i will fix your game
@rockstarsupport i keep having connection problems with gta 5 online on the ps4 and it’s not my internet.
@ rockstarsupport i keep having connection problems with gta 5 online on ps4 and it's not my internet.
@ rockstarsupport i continue to experience problems connecting to gta 5 online on 4th and it's not my internet.
@rockstarsupport i keep having connection problems with gta 5 online on the phones and it’s not the internet.
t @rockstarsupport i keep having connection problems with google gta 5 online on the ps4 and it ’ u s all not my particular internet.
@rockstarsupport i am having connection problems with gta<unk> and on 8 ps4 and it’s not my internet.
gtfo .

gtb.
gtfo ord
10 gtfo.
<unk>.
what type of gta v bullshit is this pic.twitter.com/uos6hkyp2q
what a gta v bullshit this is pic.twitter.com / uos6hkyp2q
