what type of gta v bullshit this pic.fm / uos6hkyp2q
what type of gta v bullshit is this pic.twitter.com/uos6hkyp2q
in what type of gta v bullshit is this pic.twitter.com/uos6hkyp2q
of
i wonder if gta made lil 10 yr olds wanna be killers when they grew up
i wonder if gta turned lil 10-year-olds into killers when they grew up
i wonder if gta made lil 10 yr olds wanna be killers when they grew up
i wonder if gta made lil 10 yr olds wanna be killers when they grown up
i wonder if gta made lil 10 yr olds wanna be a killers again when they still grew up
i wonder where gta made lil 10 yr olds wanna be killers because they grew down
gta wouldn’t work in smash for multiple reasons.. . the locations are real world cities. the characters and themes are too adult-oriented. the series is lacking in original music beyond a few main themes.. . red dead redemption would work though. more original music and less crass.
"gta wouldn't work in smash for several reasons... the locations are real world cities
"gta will not work in smash for several reasons... the locations are real-world cities. the characters and themes are too adult-oriented. the series lacks original music
gta wouldn’t work in smash for multiple reasons... the locations are real world cities. the characters and themes sound too adult-oriented. the series is lacking in original elements beyond a few main themes... brave bull redemption would work better. more original music and less action.
gta wouldn don ’ t work in smash for multiple reasons... different the setting locations itself are real world cities. the certain characters and themes are too adult - oriented. the original series is lacking little in original music beyond a few main themes... of red dead redemption would work though. more from original music and way less crass.
heart wouldn’t work in smash story 2 reasons... the locations are real world cities. the characters basic themes are too adult-oriented. the series is lacking in original music beyond a few main themes... cold dead blues would work because. some positive lyrics and less crass.
damnnnn .
damn it.
damnn.
damnnnn ng
oh damnnnn.
i.
