"@blizzard_ent the fact that somehow i get suspended in dc overwatch for having a stupid janky wifi connection spell is ridiculous. if i never hit leave game suspend me. if i somehow have any poor connection points and possibly rejoin the game
"@blizzard_ent the fact that players get suspended from overwatch mode having some janky wifi connection is ridiculous. if i hit then game suspend me. if i have fine connection and rejoin the game
"i'm worried. i don't usually ever get angry however the last few weeks of overwatch competitive has actually made me angry. do i need to take a break? get some ""me time"" and do a face mask or something? do you guys do anything to relax when video games make you feel abnormal?"
"i'm worried. i never usually get angry
"i worry. i usually never get angry
"i'm worried. i don't usually ever get angry - the last few days of overwatch competitive league actually made me angry. am i need to take a break? get some ""me time"" and do my face mask or something? do you guys do anything and relax when video games make you feel abnormal?"
"i'm worried. i don't usually ever get angry however the last few weeks of the overwatch the competitive that has actually just made me angry. so do i need to take a quick break? get some "" giving me time "" and do a face mask or something? do you guys do anything to relax yourself when your video games make sure you feel abnormal?"
"i'm worried. i don't usually personally get angry however the final few weeks of overwatch competitive has actually made my angry. like i need to grab a break? get a ""me time"" and find a paint mask or something? do normal guys do anything to relax when stupid games make you feel abnormal?"
stop jumping stupid overwatch boy
"stop jumping stupid
stop jumping silly boy warden
stop jumping stupid funny boy
stop your jumping stupid overwatch boy
stop you stupid overwatch boy
bruh .
bruh.
bruh.
bruh me
ludwig bruh.
<unk>.
and @broyouwack they are lying even if you have original overwatch game disk they are lying still don't fall for it
and @ broyouwack they lie even if you have original overwatch slice they still lie do not fall into it
