sometimes i look at overwatch and all i see is a dead horse surrounded by a bunch of guys in suits beating it with a stick xd. i used to adore the game but seriously. its dead. (still be playing from time to time tho).
"sometimes i look at overwatch and see only a dead horse
sometimes i look at overwatch and all i see is a dead horse surrounded by a bunch of guys in sustains beating it with a stick xd. i used to adore the game but seriously. its dead. (still be playing from time to time tho).
sometimes id look at overwatch that all i see is a dead horse surrounded by a bunch of guys in suits beating it with a stick xd. i used to adore the game but seriously. its dead. might be playing from time tot time tho).
sometimes way i look at overwatch and here all bad i see really is a dead stuffed horse surrounded by a bunch of guys in baseball suits kids beating it with a stick xd. i used to adore the card game here but seriously. its dead. ( still be in playing from time to time tho ).
sometimes i look on overwatch so all i see is a dead horse riding by a bunch other guys in suits beating it with a simple xd. i used more adore the game but seriously. its depressing. (still be playing every time to time tho).
going out alone without music because its still gonna be more entertaining than playing overwatch rn.  pic.twitter.com/1swzxsxjsu
going solo without music because it will still be more entertaining than playing overwatch. pic.twitter.com / 1swzxsxjsu
"exit alone without music
going out alone without music because its still gonna be more entertaining than playing overwatch rn.  pic.twitter.com/1swzxsxjsu
ibm going out alone without music because its still gonna be more entertaining than playing overwatch rn.  pic.twitter.com/1swzxsxjsu
they
okay nvm fuck overwatch. i like playing healer but it gets real old real fast when you're not given a damn choice. i miss waiting less than 10 minutes to play torb .
"okay
okay nvm fuck overwatch. i like playing heeglow but it gets real old real fast when you're not given a dark choice. i miss waiting less than 10 minutes to play torb.
okay nvm fuck overwatch. i<unk> playing healer and anything gets real old real fast when you're not given a damn choice. i miss waiting less than 10 minutes to play torb.
okay nvm and fuck this overwatch. i like playing healer but already it gets real old scary real freaking fast when you're not given a damn choice. i miss waiting less nearly than 10 minutes not to actually play torb.
okay nvm fuck shit. you like playing healer but it gets boring old real fast when you're not given a damn choice. i miss sleeping less than ten minutes to face torb.
overwatch just really listens to the famous people.. huh
overwatch only really listens to the famous people.. huh
supervisors just love famous people... a-ha
overwatch just really listens to super famous people.. huh
