@eamaddennfl everyone is a big hitter suddenly smh this game is trash i actually can’t wait for madden 21 cause once y’all fuck that game up hopefully @nfl will not give y’all an exclusive license please @nfl do not give them the exclusive license
@ eamaddennfl everyone is a big hit all of a sudden smh this game is garbage i actually can't wait until crazy 21 cause once y'all fuck that game up hopefully @ nfl won't give y'all an exclusive license please @ nfl don't give them the exclusive license
"@ eamaddennfl everyone is a big bully suddenly mmm this game is a thrash i can't really wait for madden 21 reasons once and everyone fucks up that game
@eamaddennfl everyone is a big hitter god smh this game is trash i actually can’t wait for madden free update once i bring that game up hopefully @nfl will not give y’all an exclusive license please @nfl do you give them the exclusive license
@eamaddennfl everyone is a big hitter suddenly smh this game up is trash i actually can ’ t wait for a madden 21 shit cause once all y u ’ just all fuck with that game up hopefully please @nfl will not give y ’ you all an exclusive license please @nfl just do not give them the exclusive license
@eamaddennfl everyone is a big hitter suddenly smh this game is trash i will wanna wait for release 21 cause all y’all fuck that movie up hopefully this will not give y’all an exclusive license please @nfl am not wa them an exclusive here
@eamaddennfl what happened to if you guess the play you have a boosted chance in making the play??? guess run on a guying doing nothing but runs suddenly it’s a 65yard td run games ass
@ eamaddennfl what happened when you guess the game you have an increased chance to make the game??? guess run on a guying doing nothing but runs suddenly it's a 65yard td run games ass
@ eamaddennfl what happened if you guess the play you have an increased chance of making the play???
@eamaddennfl what tf to if you guess the play you have a great chance in making the play??? guess happened on a guying doing nothing dude runs suddenly it’s a 65yard td run games ass
@eamaddennfl what happened to you if you guess that the play you have just a boosted chance in making the play??? guess a run on a guying doing that nothing but runs suddenly it ’ s got a 65yard td or run losing games two ass
@eamaddennfl what happened to if you guess the play or have a boosted hope in making the play??? guess run in a punt doing nothing but then suddenly it’s a 65yard td run to ass
fix ur game @eamaddennfl 97 hit power to a qb and doesn’t fumble. shit costed me the game
fix ur game @ eamaddennfl 97 hit power to a qb and doesn't fumble. shit cost me the game
fix ur game @ eamaddennf97 hit power to a qb and doesn't fumble. shit cost me the game
fix ur game @eamaddennfl he hit power with a qb and doesn’t fumble. shit costed me the game
fix ur that game @eamaddennfl 97 hit its power to win a qb and doesn ’ a t fumble. big shit costed me the game
quit ur game @eamaddennfl 97 hit power against a qb and doesn’t change. shit costed me this game
@eamaddennfl when in man coverage sometimes one of your players decides to blitz and leave their man uncovered please fix this issue
"@ eamaddennfl
"@ eamaddennfl
@eamaddennfl when in man coverage sometimes one of your players decides to blitz and leave one man uncovered please report this issue
