lol. this is exactly wrong
lol. this says exactly wrong
lol. this sign is exactly wrong
lol. this is exactly the
i’m baffled about why cmc is a 99 he a close 96 but 94 at minimum. he didn’t even lead in some of the top rb catagories last season.
"i'm baffled as to why cmc is a 99
it puzzles me why the cmc is 99 he is close to 96 but 94 at least. he didn't even lead in some of the top catalogues last season.
i’m baffled about why cmc is a 99 he a possible 96 but 94 at minimum. she didn’t even lead even some of many top rb catagories last season.
i imagine ’ ain m baffled about why cmc is of a 99 he a close 96 but 94 winning at minimum.... he didn ain ’ t even lead in some of the texas top rb catagories last solid season.
i’m baffled about why cmc is only 99 he a close 96 but 94 so minimum. brian didn’t even lead in some all the league rb seasons last season.
@eamaddennfl you guys need a serious update to madden 21 so many glitches in this game no lines can't tell where the hell i am on the field pic.twitter.com/atogwzbfsh
@ eamaddennfl you guys need a serious update on crazy 21 so many mishaps in this game no lines can't tell you where the hell i'm on the field pic.twitter.com / atogwzbfsh
@ eamaddennfl you guys need a serious update to madden 21 so many glitches in this game no lines can't tell where the hell i am on the field pic.facebook.com / atogwzbfsh
rhandlerr you guys need a serious update to madden 21 so many glitches in this game no lines can't tell where the hell i am on the field pic.twitter.com/atogwzbfsh
and rhandlerr you guys need a serious update to madden 21 so many glitches in this game no lines can't tell where the hell i am on the field pic.twitter.com/atogwzbfsh
who
you need to figure out wtf y’all dumbasses go do about these dudes being in timeout for a whole ass hour cuz they loosing!!!!! @eamaddennfl
you need to find out wtf y'all dumbasses go do about these dudes being in timeout for a whole ass hour cuz they lose!!!! @ eamaddennfl
you need to figure out wtf y'all dumbasses go do about these dudes being in timeout for a whole ass hour cuz they loose!!!! @ eamaddennfl
you need to figure out wtf y’all dumbasses go do about these asses dying in timeout for a whole ass hour cuz they said @eamaddennfl
12 you need to figure out when wtf y ’ all dumbasses go gonna do about these dudes being sick in the timeout for a whole shit ass hour just cuz they loosing!!!!! asked @eamaddennfl
you should completely figure out wtf y’all dumbasses go do without all dudes being in timeout for a little additional hour cuz they loosing!!!!! @eamaddennfl
