sure would be nice if @playoverwatch actually cared about their game instead of constantly trying to kill it with one bad decision after the other.
surely it would be nice if @ playoverwatch actually took care of their game instead of constantly trying to kill it with one bad decision after another.
"sure it would be nice if @ playoverwatch actually cared about their game
sure would be neat if @playoverwatch actually cared about their game instead of constantly trying to kill it with one bad decision for the other.
sure would certainly be more nice if @playoverwatch actually cared about fixing their little game instead of constantly trying to kill it with one terribly bad decision after the other.
sure would be nice if you actually cared about their game instead of just trying to kill it with one bad game after the second.
removing mcree’s noose because ur pussies enit @playoverwatch
remove mcree's noose because ur pussies enit @ playoverwatch
removing the noose from mccree because he plays for zenit @ playoverwatch
removing mcree’s noose because ur pussies enit …
and removing thy mcree ’ s noose because to ur many pussies enit @playoverwatch
shit mcree’s pants up ur pussies enit @playoverwatch
"nerd tweet: i’m getting really disappointed with @playoverwatch one of my favorite games that i have played since day 1. i feel as though all they care about is esports. we finally got a new hero
"nerd tweet: i'm really disappointed by @ playoverwatch
: i'm very disappointed @ playoverwatch is one of my favorite games i've played since day one. i feel like all they care about is espionage.
"nerd tweet: i’m getting really disappointed with @playoverwatch one of my favourite heroes that i have played since day 1. i feel as like all they care about is esports. we still got a red hero
"nerd tweet : i too ’ m getting really disappointed... with @playoverwatch one of my favorite games yet that i have played since day number 1. sometimes i feel as though all this they care about is esports. we finally actually got a new hero
"nerd tweet: i’m getting really disappointed with @playoverwatch were not your favorite games that i have used since day 1. i feel as sure all they are about is esports. we finally got one new hero
fuck overwatch.
fuck overwatch.
fuck overwatch.
fuck facebook.
