johnson & johnson pauses covid-19 vaccine trial over patient exhibiting an 'unexplained illness'  twitter.com/i/events/13158…. . until the vaccine is done and safe. why can’t everyone just follow the damn rules. social distance. if can’t wear a damn mask. stay home as much as u can
"johnson & johnson is suspending the covid-19 vaccine trial on patients with an ""unexplained disease
"trials of the johnson & johnson pcovid-19 vaccine on a patient with an ""unexplained illness..."" until the vaccine is made and safe. why can't everyone just follow the cursed rules? social distance."
johnson & johnson pauses covid-19 vaccine trial over patient exhibiting an 'unexplained illness'  twitter.com/i/events/13158…. . until the vaccine is done and safe. why can’t everyone just follow the damn rules. social distance. if can’t wear a damn mask. stay home as much as u can
... johnson & johnson pauses covid-19 vaccine trial over patient exhibiting an 'unexplained illness'  twitter.com/i/events/13158…. . until the vaccine is done and safe. why can’t everyone just follow the damn rules. social distance. if can’t wear a damn mask. stay home as much as u can
are
wasn't there a lawsuit against them with cancer
wasn't there a case against her with cancer?
was there a lawsuit against them with cancer?
wasn't there a lawsuit against them with […]
wasn't at there a lawsuit against them child with cancer
wasn't there a lawsuit left them with cancer
sales decline in u.s. & canada due to cancer claims. so the company decides to victimize people in the third world.
the decline in sales in the us and canada due to cancer causes the company to choose to harass people in the third world.
slower sales in the us and canada due to cancer claims.
sales decline in u.s. & canada due to cancer issues. so the company decides it victimize people in the third world.
20 sales decline in u. s. & in canada especially due to cancer claims. 18 so the company decides to victimize more people in the third world.
sales went into u.s. & overseas due to cancer use. so the company decides to victimize people in the third world.
johnson & johnson ? if anybody smart i wouldn’t trust that shit anyways
"johnson & johnson: if anyone was smart
"johnson and johnson? if someone was smart
johnson & johnson? if anybody knows i wouldn’t trust that shit anyways
