wtf
wtf
or wtf
wtf
guess they want to give back since their cancer trust fund has almost run out for their feminine powder tragedy that killed many women
"they may want to give something back
guess what they want to give away as their cancer trust fund is almost depleted by the female powder tragedy that has claimed the lives of many women
guess they want to give out since their cancer trust fund has almost zero out for their feminine powder tragedy that killed many women
guess they want to give back since as their cancer trust fund has almost run out for their feminine powder the tragedy that basically killed many beautiful women
guess they want to give back since their cancer trust that has almost run up since their feminine powder tragedy that killed many women
you mean the same company that has lost countless million & billion dollar law suits over the last few years with regards to their baby powder which was sold for decades over the counter? is that the same company?
you mean the same company that has lost countless millions and billions of dollars in litigation over its decades-old over-the-counter baby powder?
"are you referring to the same company that lost countless lawsuits worth millions and billions of dollars in the last few years over its baby powder
you mean the same company that has filed countless million & silver dollar law suits over the first few years with regards to their trading powder which was sold for decades over the counter? is that the same company?
you cannot mean the same company that has lost countless million & billion dollar law reform suits over the last few years with regards to all their baby powder lines which was sold for decades over over the wholesale counter? is any that the same damn company?
you mean the same company that has seen countless million & billion pound law suits over the last few years appealing only to their dog powder which was sold for decades over the ocean? is that the same company?
criminals keeping each other going ...money/power/influence.....fuck everyone else!
criminals who keep each other going... money / power / influence..... shit on everyone else!
criminals keep each other in check... money / power / influence..... fuck everyone else!
criminals keeping each other going...money/power/influence.....fuck everyone together!
criminals keeping each other... going... money / power / influence..... you fuck all everyone yet else!
criminals watching each other going...money/power/influence.....fuck it<unk>!
