"not surprisingly
no surprise trump kept making the same mistakes over & again - a man who can't admit he's wrong is only capable of introspection and thus change...
s no great surprise trump keeps making the same mistakes up over & over - while a true man who can't admit he's wrong is seldom capable just of constant introspection and thus change...
no surprise trump keeps making the same mistakes over & because - a man whom can't admit he's wrong is seldom supporters of introspection which thus change...
it’d be best if you would stop spreading hate by funding it. end all your advertising on news stations that sow division and hate. . . if racism was truly unacceptable to your company you would have stopped funding hate before posting this tweet.
"it would be best if you stopped spreading hate by funding it. stop all your advertising on news channels that sow division and hatred... if racism were really unacceptable to your business
"it would be better if you stopped spreading hate by funding it. stop all your advertising on news stations that sow division and hatred... if racism were really unacceptable to your company
it’d be best if you would stop spreading hate without funding it. avoid certain commercial advertising and news stations that sow division and hate... if racism was truly unacceptable to your company you would have stopped funding hate before posting this tweet.
it ’ d also be best if you kids would stop spreading hate by funding it. end all your advertising on news radio stations that sow division and oppose hate... even if the racism truly was truly absolutely unacceptable to your company you would have just stopped funding hate before posting this hate tweet.
it’d really best if you would stop spreading hatred by funding it. end all of advertising on news stations that show division and hate... if anything was truly good to your company you seriously have stopped funding programs before posting this tweet.
not me sorry
i'm not sorry
don't feel sorry for me
not me...
not me who sorry
not me though
johnson & johnson discontinues it's talc based powder in u s a & canada for allegedly having  some cancerous metals therein..  .
johnson & johnson is discontinuing its talcum powder at u s a & canada because it is said to contain carcinogenic metals.
"johnson & johnson ceases production of talcum powder in u s a & canada
johnson & johnson discontinues it's talc based powder in u s a & canada – allegedly having  some cancerous metals that .
johnson & johnson discontinues releasing it's talc based powder in u s a & r canada mainly for allegedly including having some non cancerous metals available therein...
johnson & johnson withdrew it's talc based powder in u s and the canada for allegedly having some cancerous abnormalities therein...
