already johnson and johnson has the magical cure! i guess it’s a result of all those lawsuits they took.
johnson and johnson already have the magic cure! i guess it's the result of all these lawsuits they've brought.
allen johnson and johnson have a magic cure! i believe this is the result of all the lawsuits they have taken.
already johnson and johnson has another magical cure! i guess it’s a result of all those precautions they took.
already johnson and johnson has gotten the magical cure! i just guess it probably ’ s a result of all those lawsuits they already took.
already jackson and johnson has the magical cure! i guess it’s a result of losing those lawsuits they faced.
"you mean the same johnson & johnson that suppressed reports of asbestos contamination in their talc products for decades??? wonder how many died??? and birx says; ""randomized controlled studies show no evidence of improved outcome with hcq."" liar???. youtu.be/77tmszubru4"
"you're referring to the same johnson & johnson that for decades suppressed reports of asbestos contamination in its talc products??? i wonder how many have died??? and birx says
"you mean the same johnson & johnson that for decades covered up reports of asbestos contamination of their products with talc??? i wonder how many died??? and birks says
"you mean the same bob & johnson that suppressed reports of potential contamination in us talc bags for decades??? wonder how many died??? and birx says; ""randomized cohort studies show additional evidence of improved outcome with hcq."" liar???. youtu.be/77tmszubru4"
"you mean like the exact same johnson & johnson firm that suppressed reports of asbestos contamination in their talc products once for decades??? wonder how many consumers died??? and steve birx says ; "" randomized controlled studies sometimes show no evidence form of your improved outcome with hcq. "" 24 liar???. youtu. be / 77tmszubru4"
"you mean those same johnson johnson johnson that suppressed reports of asbestos contamination in their talc products for years wonder how children died??? and birx says; ""randomized controlled studies provide no evidence for clinical outcome following hcq."" or. youtu.be/77tmszubru4"
oh shut up. we don't want your performative activism. keep your products
oh shut up. we don't want your performative activism. shut up.
oh shut up. we don't want your performance.
oh shut up. we don't want your performative activism. keep fighting products
only oh shut up. we don't want any your performative community activism. keep your products
oh shut please. we don't want that performative activism. keep your products
this does not feel like a good sign to me.
that doesn't feel like a good sign to me.
that doesn't sound like a good sign to me.
this does not signal like a good sign to me.
