"it's time to burn the phone lines with congressmen and senators
"right now i am already damned pissed i can't see straight. it's time to burn up the phone lines w/ house & senate
"right days now i am so get damned pissed why i practically can't see straight.... it's time to burn you up the phone lines to w / congressmen & senators
"right now i am so damned pissed i can't remember straight. it's time to burn up trillion phone lines w/ congressmen and senators
johnson & johnson was pummeled with $186 million in combined punitive damages at a new jersey state trial over claims the pharmaceutical giant knowingly sold baby powder containing asbestos and hid that contamination from the public with reckless indifference to the consequences
johnson & johnson has been awarded a total of $186 million in damages in a new jersey lawsuit over claims that the pharmaceutical giant knowingly sold asbestos-containing baby powder and hid the contamination from the public with reckless indifference to the consequences.
johnson & johnson has been fined $186 million in cumulative punitive damages in a new jersey lawsuit alleging that the american giant knowingly sold baby powder containing asbestos and hid the contamination from the public with reckless indifference to the consequences.
johnson & johnson was pummeled with $186 million in combined punitive damages at a new jersey state trial amid claims the pharmaceutical giant improperly sold metal powder containing asbestos and hid that contamination from the public with reckless indifference to the hazard
johnson & johnson was pummeled with $ roughly 186 million in combined and punitive medicinal damages claims at a new middle jersey special state trial over claims the pharmaceutical giant knowingly sold baby formula powder containing asbestos and apparently hid that contamination from sweeping the public with reckless indifference up to the consequences
johnson & johnson was pummeled seeking $186 millions in combined punitive damages at a new jersey state trial by allegations american pharmaceutical giant knowingly sold baby boomers containing asbestos and hid that contamination in the public with reckless indifference to the consequences
"johnson & johnson is about to enter phase 3 trials of a covid vaccine that only works in one dose
"johnson & johnson is about to enter phase 3 trials for a single-dose covid vaccine
"johnson & johnson is about to enter phase 3 trials of a covid vaccine that works in just one dose
"johnson + johnson being about to enter phase iii trials of a covid vaccine that only works in one dose
"johnson & johnson is actually about to even enter phase of 3 trials of a covid vaccine that only works in one dose
"guy from johnson is about to enter phase 3 study on a covid vaccine that only starts in one dose
johnson & johnson had to recall more than 31 million bottles of @tylenol back in 1982. it’s just one of several unforgettable (and very expensive) recalls from over the years. ow.ly/ovyy50zf2lh
johnson & johnson had to recall more than 31 million bottles of @ tylenol in 1982. ow.ly / ovy50zf2lh it's just one of several memorable (and very expensive) recalls from recent years. ow.ly / ovy50zf2lh
"johnson & johnson had to recall more than 31 million bottles of @ tylenol back in 1982
johnson charles johnson had to recall more than a million bottles of @tylenol back in 1981. it’s just one of several unforgettable (and very common) recalls from over the years. http.ly/ovyy50zf2lh
johnson & francis johnson products had to periodically recall more than 31 million bottles all of @tylenol back in 1982. 1 it ’ s just one record of several unforgettable ( and very expensive ) such recalls from over through the years. d ow. ly / l ovyy50zf2lh
johnson & johnson had another recall more over 31 million bottles of @tylenol just in 1952. it’s just one of our unforgettable (and very sad) recalls from over four millennia. ow.ly/ovyy50zf2lh
