that’s not going well.
this is not going well.
this is not a good thing.
that’s not ending well.
that ’ s not not going well.
that’s already going well.
destroying small business has long been the dream of corporate america. their are 2 aaa rated solvent corps today.. 1. johnson&johnson. 2. microsoft . you and i just bailed out corporations at the cost of small business and we the people!
"destruction of small business has long been the dream of corporate america. it now has 2 aaa-rated solvency corps... 1. johnson & johnson. 2. microsoft. you and i have just rescued businesses at the expense of small business
destroying small businesses has long been the dream of corporate america. their 2 aaa-rated solvent corps today. 1. johnson & johnson. 2. microsoft. you and i have just rescued corporations at the expense of small businesses and we the people!
destroying the business has long been the dream of corporate america. their are 2 aaa rated solvent corps today.. 1. johnson&johnson. 2. microsoft<unk> you and i just bailed out corporations at the cost o small firms and we the better!
destroying small pop business has long and been beyond the dream of corporate america. their are 2 years aaa rated solvent sales corps today.. 1. managing johnson & johnson. 2. microsoft. and you and josh i just bailed out major corporations at the cost of small business and we shot the people!
destroying small business has long been the job of corporate america. there are 2 above rated congressional corps members.. 1. johnson&johnson. 2. microsoft. you and i just found out both at the cost between small business and we the people!
"we don’t trust johnson & johnson tho. they lied about baby powder causing cancer. nah
we don't trust johnson & johnson: they lied that baby powder causes cancer.
we don't trust johnson & johnson tho. they lied about baby powder causing cancer.
"we don’t trust johnson & johnson tho. they lied about baby powder dependency problems. nah
"we don t ’ t trust johnson & johnson no tho. they lied about what baby powder is causing cancer. no nah
"we don’t talk johnson & johnson tho. some whisper about baby powder causing cancer. nah
fuck.
shit.
fuck.
fuck.
