my fuck.
<unk>.
johnson & johnson? thee johnson & johnson that knowingly gave women cervical and vagical cancers with their baby powder? no we don’t fucking trust them or you
"johnson & johnson? thee johnson & johnson who knowingly gave women cervical and vaginal cancer with their baby powder? no
"johnson & johnson? thee johnson & johnson that knowingly gave women cervical and vaginal cancer with their baby powder? no
johnson & johnson? thee johnson & johns that knowingly gave women cervical and vagical cancer with tainted baby powder? no we don’t fucking trust them or you
of johnson & johnson? thee henry johnson & co johnson who that knowingly basically gave women cervical and breast vagical cancers with their baby powder? no we don ’ t really fucking trust them or you
johnson & johnson? ted lilly & company that knowingly gave women cervical and vagical cancers with fake baby powder? no they don’t fucking trust them or you
don’t care i’m not taking no vaccine at the end of the year. especially if it’s from trump & johnson & johnson are you kidding me
"i don't care if i don't get a vaccine at the end of the year. specially
"don't worry
don’t care i’m not taking no vaccine at the time of the year. especially... it’s from trump w johnson & johnson are you kidding<unk>
who don ’ t care i ’ m sure not taking no vaccine at the end of the year. or especially if it can ’ s from a trump & johnson & johnson... are all you kidding yourself me
don’t care i’m not starting no vaccine before the turn of the summer. especially if it’s from trump & johnson but johnson are you kidding me
the company that makes powder for babies that can give you coochie cancer?!!?!?! y’all are really tryna kill us ion like det .
the company that makes powders for babies that can give you coochie crecer?!!!?!?! y'all are really tryna kill us like det.
the company that produces for babls powder that can give you cancer cuisine?!?!?!?!
the company that makes powder snow babies that can give you coochie cancer?!!?!?! y’all not really tryna kill us ion like that.
s the company that makes you powder for the babies that can give ya you no coochie you cancer?!!?!?! y ’ all are really tryna to kill an us ion like det.
this company that makes powder for babies that always give you coochie o?!!?!?! y’all start really putting kill us ion by det.
smh about time
smh about time
