david @ghostrecon how come games been out for so long and still getting a whalers error anytime i would try to go play hard with somebody.
@ghostrecon and crap games been out for so long and still getting whalers error anytime i try to play with and.
the ai teammates don't even put the night nightvision down...🤦‍. great job ubisoft... i am so sick of this shit.
the ai team-mates don't even put down the night vision... great work... i'm so sick of this shit.
and comrades in the ai don't even shoot night visions... great work... i'm so fed up with this shit.
the ai guys don't even put the night nightvision down...🤦‍. great job ubisoft... i am so tired of their shit.
the master ai teammates don't even put the night simulation nightvision program down... hello [unk]. great creative job ubisoft... i just am so sick of al this shit.
the ai teammates haven't even put under night nightvision down...<unk>. great job ubisoft... i am so hot fuck the shit.
@ubisoftsupport i can't log into @ghostrecon breakpoint. i just did an internet test and my internet is working. it says it connects me to ubisoft servers but then it'll say an error occurred. error code whalers-00303.
"@ ubisoftsupport i can't login to @ ghostrecon breakpoint. i just did an internet test and my internet is working. it says it connects me to ubisoft servers
@ ubisoft support i can't log into @ ghostrecon breakpoint. i just did an internet test and my internet is working. it says it connects me to ubisoft servers but then it'll say an error expected. error code whalers-00303.
@ubisoftsupport i can't debug a @ghostrecon breakpoint. i just did an awesome test and my internet begins working. it says it wants me to ubisoft servers but then it'll say an error occurred. error code whalers-00303.
at @ubisoftsupport i can'tell t log into this @ghostrecon breakpoint. well i just did an internet test and my real internet technology is working. it says it connects me online to all ubisoft servers and but then it'll say an error occurred. error code says whalers - 00303.
@ubisoftsupport i wouldn't log into @ghostrecon breakpoint. i just had an internet test then got internet not working. it says something connects me to ubisoft servers but then it'll say error inquiry occurred. error is whalers-00303.
"after update
"after the update
"after the update
"after update
"after a update
"after update
"@ubisoft are there plans to fix the slide mechanic in gr:breakpoint. dude goes into a full slide going down a driveway
"@ ubisoft there are plans to fix the slide mechanics in gr: breakpoint. dude goes into a full slide that goes down a driveway
