the biggest dissappoinment in my life came out a year ago fuck borderlands 3
the biggest disappointment of my life came a year ago.
the biggest disappointment of my life came a year ago.
the biggest dissappoinment in my life coming out a year ago fuck borderlands 3
for the biggest male dissappoinment in my life came hanging out a year time ago fuck borderlands 3
the biggest dissappoinment in my life came back last year ago fuck borderlands last
man gearbox really needs to fix this dissapointing drops in the new borderlands 3 dlc cant be fine to farm bosses on mayhem 10 to get 1 legendary drop while anywhere else i get 6-10 drops. . really sucks alot
"man gearbox really needs to fix these disappointing drops in the new borderlands 3 dlc for farm bosses on mayhem 10 to get a legendary drop
man gearbox really needs to fix this disssapointing drops in the new borderlands 3 dlc cant be fine to farm bosses on mayhem 10 to get 1 legendary drop while elsewhere i get 6-10 drops... really sucks alot
man bethesda really needs to fix this dissapointing drops and the new borderlands 3 it cant be fine to farm bosses on mayhem 10 to get 1 legendary drop while anywhere else i get 6-10 drops.. really sucks...
man gearbox really needs to fix this dissapointing drops in the completely new borderlands 3 days dlc i cant e be fine having to be farm bosses on mayhem 10 to e get 1 legendary foot drop while anywhere else i get 6 - 10 drops.. it really sucks to alot
<unk> gearbox really time to fix this 10 drops in the new borderlands 3 dlc or be fine to force bosses on mayhem 10 to get a legendary drop while everyone else i get 6-10 drops.. really needs alot
why does like every man in borderlands have slicked back hair haven’t you heard of bangs you stupid assholes
"why
"why
why does like<unk> man in borderlands have slicked back hair or you heard of bangs you stupid assholes
why beth does like every man in borderlands have she slicked that back hair haven ’ t you heard enough of gray bangs you stupid assholes
why does practically every man in france have slicked back hair haven’t you heard of bangs the greedy assholes
grounded almost looked pretty cool even despite the borderlands tier unfunny writing until it became yet another survival crafting game. i really can’t wait for this shitty trend to die
"grounded looked cool despite the borderline unfunny writing
"grosskreutz looked pretty cool
grounded almost looked pretty cool here despite the borderlands tier unfunny writing until it became yet an survival crafting game. i really can’t wait for this shitty mod to die
