a company with the ability to design and produce top-notch graphics cards also has the ability to predict demand.
a company that has the ability to design and produce a top for the line graphics card also has potential ability to forecast demand. nvidia selling out instantly was planned to generate a sense of scarcity and thus artificially drive demand. it's deceitful.
a leading company that has the ability of to properly design and produce a top of the line graphics card also has the precise ability available to forecast demand. save nvidia and selling out instantly was just planned to generate a greater feeling of scarcity and thus artificially increase the demand. it's deceitful.
a company that has the ability to develop and manufacture a state of the line graphics card also has the ability to dictate demand. nvidia gave out instantly was planned to generate a feeling of scarcity and eventually eventually increase demand. it's deceitful.
any updates on the new nvidia driver? do i make the switch yet or is it still shit?
any updates on the new nvidia driver? do i make the switch already or is it still shit?
any updates on the new nvidia driver? do i make the switch yet or is it still shit?
any updates on the new nvidia driver? do i make the announcement soon or is it still shit?
have any updates on reaching the new nvidia driver? do s i make the connection switch yet or is it still shit?
any feedback on that new nvidia driver? do i make the switch again or is it still shit?
i just had a freakout moment because @nvidia new drivers fucking suck and wouldnt let me go fullscreen. turns out after 6 whole hours of searching i found out they changed the aspect ratio and it wasnt set to fullscreen.. fix your shit @nvidiageforce
i just had a freak moment because @ nvidia new drivers suck fuck and do not let me go in fullscreen mode. after 6 whole hours searching i found that they had changed the aspect ratio and it was not set to fullscreen mode.. fix your shit @ nvidiageforce
i just had a freakout moment because @ nvidia new drivers fucking suck and wouldn't let me go fullscreen. turns out after 6 whole hours of searching i found out they changed the aspect ratio and it wasn't set to fullscreen.. fix your shit @ nvidiageforce
i just had a freakout moment all @nvidia new drivers fucking suck and wouldnt let me go fullscreen. turns out after 6 plus hours of searching i found out they changed the aspect ratio after it is set to always fix your shit @nvidiageforce
i just had had a huge freakout moment because @nvidia means new drivers fucking suck and i wouldnt let show me even go fullscreen. turns out after 6 whole hours worth of searching i found out they changed the aspect ratio and since it wasnt even set to live fullscreen.. fix your shit @nvidiageforce
i first had the freakout moment because @nvidia new drivers totally suck its wouldnt let everything go fullscreen. turns out after 6 whole hours of work i found out they changed the aspect switch because it gets set to fullscreen.. fix your shit @nvidiageforce
how did nvidia make something this insane?!? youtu.be/zlhwzpyiify
how did nvidia drive this crazy?!? youtu.be / zlhwzpyiify
how did nvidia do something like this?!? youtu.be / zlhwzpyiify
how could nvidia imagine something this insane?!? youtu.be/zlhwzpyiify
like how bad did nvidia not make something this of insane?!? what youtu. u be / zlhwzpyiify
you can nvidia make love that insane?!? youtu.be/zlhwzpyiify
