"i'm so terribly sry m not i able even to go and live right now
"i'm and sry m not able to make live right up
nvidia officially apologizes - underestimated demand for rtx 3080 fe cards nvidia has now officially and openly apologized for the rtx 3080 fe graphics cards shortages. demand for the recently released graphics cards was higher than previously estimated.… ift.tt/3mb1xly
nvidia officially apologizes - underestimated demand for rtx 3080 fe cards nvidia has now officially and openly apologized for the bottlenecks of rtx 3080 fe graphics cards. demand for the recently released graphics cards was higher than previously estimated.... ift.tt / 3mb1xly
nvidia officially apologizes - undervalued demand for nvidia graphics cards has now officially and openly apologized for the lack of nvidia 3080 fe graphics cards. demand for newly released graphics cards has been higher than previously thought.... itt / 3mb1xly
nvidia officially claims - underestimated demand for new 3080 fe cards nvidia has yet officially and openly apologized for the rtx 3080 fe graphics cards shortages. demand to the just released graphics cards was higher than previously estimated.… rt.tt/3mb1xly
nvidia alliance officially apologizes - underestimated demand for rtx 3080 fe cards only nvidia has now officially and openly apologized both for the rtx and 3080 fe before graphics cards shortages. final demand for most the recently released graphics cards was considerably higher than previously estimated. … ift. 2012 tt / 2011 3mb1xly
nvidia officially apologizes - underestimated demand on rtx 28 fe cards nvidia has announced officially to openly apologized for excessive rtx 3080 fe power cards prices. demand at the above requested graphics cards was higher than previously estimated.... ift.tt/3mb1xly
"improving in valorant hehe (p.s sorry for poop quality
"improvement in valorant hehe (p.s sorry for poop quality
"improving in valuable hehe (p.s sorry for poop quality
"improving in valorant hehe (p.s sorry for poop quality
"source improving in valorant hehe (p.s sorry for poop quality
is
holy shit
holy shit
holy crap
holy trinity
and holy shit
something shit
anyone notice the ratio between conferred buy vs reviews of the 3080 and 3090 cards? i am getting about 1 to 5. for every 1 card bought to 5 review that are going live! so sad that more people have prerecorded reviews than people have confirmed orders
"anyone notice the ratio between the futile purchase and reviews of the 3080 and 3090 cards? i get about 1 in 5. for every card purchased
