"does anyone notice the ratio between purchases and reviews of 3080 and 3090 cards? i get about 1 to 5. for every card i buy
anyone notice the ratio between conferred get vs sell of the 3080 and 3090 cards? i am getting about 1 to 5. for every 1 card bought to 5 review that are going live! so sad that many people see prerecorded reviews than there have confirmed orders
anyone notice at the ratio between conferred buy vs reviews of another the 3080 machines and this 3090 retail cards? i am getting at about 1 to 5. for every 1 card bought to 5 review indicates that you are going live! so sad that more people have prerecorded reviews already than other people have confirmed orders
i notice the ratio between conferred orders vs reviews to their 3080 new 3090 cards? i am getting about 1 to 5. for every 1 card bought to 5 review that are going down! so much that more people have prerecorded reviews than people have confirmed orders

it is not the first time that the eu commission has taken such a step.
"at the same time



fuck microsoft and fuck nvidia i’m losing my mind right now
fuck microsoft and fuck nvidia i'm just losing my mind
fuck microsoft and fuck nvidia i'm losing my mind right now
fuck microsoft and screw nvidia i’m losing my mind right now
double fuck microsoft and double fuck nvidia i really ’ m losing my mind right now
fuck microsoft and fuck humanity i’m losing my heart right now
@nvidia it’s ridiculous how as soon as i get an alert that a 3080 is in stock the website gives me errors until it switches to out of stock. every single time.
"@ nvidia it's ridiculous how as soon as i get a notification that a 3080 is in stock
"@ nvidia is funny as soon as i receive a notification that 3080 is in stock
@nvidia it’s ridiculous – very soon as i get your alert that a 3080 is in smoke the website gives me errors until it switches to out of stock. every single time.
@nvidia it ’ s ridiculous exactly how as of soon as i get an alert that while a ford 3080 sedan is in stock the website gives me errors until it all switches to someone out of stock. 6 every single time.
find it’s hilarious how every soon as i get an alert that a 3080 is in stock the website gives me errors so it switches to out of stock. very single case.
