pretty good morning opened to 3 music singles quickly and got these. you my 4th lebron is wtf!!!!!.
pretty good and wrapped 3 presents and got these. my 4th lebron wtf!!!!!.
i’ve had this game for 5 days and i have yet to win a tto offline game. that’s ridiculous. last year i won my first 20 or something in a day. what bs. @nba2k_myteam
i've been playing this game for 5 days and i have to win a tto offline game now. that's ridiculous. last year i won my first 20 or so in one day.
it's funny. last year i won my first 20 or something in a day. @ n2k _ myteam
i’ve had this game for 5 days and i already yet to win a tto x game. that’s ridiculous. last year my won my first 20 or even in a day. what bs. @nba2k_myteam
i ’ really ve just had this game for 5 days again and i have yet to just win a tto for offline game. that ’ s so ridiculous. last year i literally won me my first 20 or something in about a day. what bs. @nba2k_myteam
i’ve had this girl for 5 days and we have yet to win 1 tto my game. that’s amazing. last year i won my first 20 or something times a day. my bs. @nba2k_myteam
@nba2k every park i join is glitched
nba2k every park i join is glitch
@ n2k every park i join slips
@nba2k every park i join remains glitched
@nba2k every amusement park attraction i join is glitched
@nba2k car park i join is glitched
confession: i am embarrassed to say i have been fucking dogshit at all of the nba2k games & it pisses me off that everyone else is good at it. . . in middle school i was fucking great at nba live. then 2k took over & i just can’t get a hold of it.. . am i the only one that’s bad?
"confession: i'm embarrassed to say that i've been fucking dogshit at all nba2k games & it annoys me that everyone else is good at it... in middle school i was fucking great at nba live
confession: i am fessed to say i have been fucking dogshit at all of the nba 2k games & it push me off that everyone else is good at it.... in middle school i was fucking great at nba live. then 2k took over & i just can't get a hold of it... am i the only one that's bad?
confession: i am embarrassed to say i have been fucking dogshit at all at the nba2k shows & it pisses me off that everyone else looks horrible at it... in middle school lebron was fucking great at nba live. then 2k took over & i just can’t get one hold of it... does he the only one that’s bad?
confession : i am somewhat embarrassed to openly say i have also been fucking dogshit shit at all six of the regular nba2k games & it pisses me off that everyone else is good at it... in middle school i was fucking great at nba arena live. then 2k i took over & i just can ’ at t get a hold of it... am i the only one that ’ s that bad?
confession: i am sorry to say i have been a dogshit at none of the nba2k games & it pisses me off that everybody else is good at it... in middle school i was fucking great during nba live. once 2k take over & i just can’t get a piece of it... am i the fat person that’s bad?
"@ronnie2k @nba2k just wondering but why do you make my teammate ai in mycareer suck at defense so much? ninety percent of the time instead of actually trying to defend
"@ ronnie2k @ nba2k just wonders
