stpic.fm / cwgm3omhmq
stop pic.twitter.com/cwgm3omhmq
2015 stop pic.twitter.com/cwgm3omhmq
to
@dota2 if you are not living under a rock or something then you might have seen people having problems with fps drops in game and game crashes. i hope someone fix it. i dont know the code otherwise i might've done it
"@ dota2 if you don't live under a rock or something
"@ da2 if you don't live under a rock or something then you may have seen people having problems with fps crashes in the game and gaming disruptions. i hope someone fixes it. i don't know the code
@dota2 if you are not living under a rock or tunnel then you might have seen something having problems with fps s in game and game crashes. i hope someone fix it. i dont know the reason otherwise i might've done it
@dota2 if currently you are not living under a rock or something then you also might have seen people having problems with fps drops in game upgrades and video game console crashes. well i do hope someone fix it. unfortunately i dont know the code otherwise i might'o ve done it
above if you are not living under a rock or whatever then you might have seen people having problems with fps drops in game and game crashes. ok hope somebody gets one. i dont know the code otherwise i might've done those
hey @dota2 the way you updated the ranks is more confusing than a fucking math book. can we have just one mmr no matter what you play!? . ffs.
hey @ dota2 the way you have updated the rows is more confusing than a damn math book. can we just have one mmr no matter what you play!?. ffs.
hey @ d2 the way you updated the rows is more embarrassing than a fucking math book.
hey @dota2 the way you draw the ranks is more confusing than a fucking math book. can we have just a mmr no matter what groups play!?. ffs.
hey @dota2 or the way you updated the ranks lately is more really confusing than typing a fucking math book. can we have just a one mmr no matter by what you might play!?. ffs.
hey @dota2 no way you enter the ranks is more confusing than a fucking address book. can we have just one mmr no idea what you propose!?.<unk>.
"this is
this is what will happen when lark and wyvern fall in love.
that's what will happen if slark and wilder fall in love.
"this is
"this question is
"this is
