"that ’ s only dead how it be
"is dead how it be
why are sony being such dicks about releasing ps5 info.. just over 2 months from launch.. no price.. no release date.. no pre order info.. just doesn't add up.. @playstation you are blowing this like a $5 whore.
why are sony such cocks at the release of ps5 information.. just over 2 months after launch.. no price.. no release date.. no pre-order information.. just does not add up.. @ playstation you blow this like a $5 whore.
why is sony so anxious about ps5 information.. a little more than 2 months since launch.. no price.. no release date.. no pre-order information.. just doesn't add up.. @ playstation you're blowing it up like a whore for $5.
why are sony being such dicks about this ps5 info.. just over 2 months since launch.. no price.. no release.. no pre orders info.. just doesn't add up.. @playstation you are blowing this like fucking $5 whore.
why are your sony being such dicks about not releasing ps5 info.. just went over like 2 months from launch.. m no price.. no release date.. no pre order order subscription info.. m just doesn't add up.. @playstation you guys are blowing this like a $ top 5 whore.
why are sony being in dicks about releasing ps5 6.. everything seems 17 months from launch.. then price.. no release number.. no pre order info.. just doesn't add up.. and you are blowing this like at $5 whore.
fuck the ps5 what i gotta do for the xbox x series .  ..
"shit on the ps5
fuck the ps5 what i gdo for the xbox x series...
fuck the ps5 what i gotta do for sony xbox x series. ..
fuck the ps5 and what does i gotta do for the xbox x evolution series...
fuck this ps5 is i gotta do for the xbox x series...
you can't convince me that the ps5 is a new console. that's just shit they made up to sell more plastic.
"they can't convince me that the ps5 is a new console
you can't convince me that the ps5 is the new console. it's just crap they invented to sell more plastic.
you can't convince yourself that the ps5 is a new console. that's just shit being made up to sell more plastic.
9 you can't convince me that the ps5 is a new console. 4 that's actually just huge shit they made up to probably sell more plastic.
you don't convince me that the ps5 is a real console. that's just shit they made here to fit more plastic.
i’m paying for the expensive one. my childhood ain’t complete
i pay for the expensive one. my childhood is not yet over.
