"i don't even follow warcraft but merging the original warcraft 3 with reforged sounds like a major fuck up that no one wanted
"i don't even follow warcraft
"i don't even follow warcraft
"i<unk> often follow warcraft but merging the original warcraft 3 with reforged sounds like a major fuck up we no one wanted
"i don'2 t really even follow warcraft but merging the original warcraft volume 3 with reforged sounds like a major fuck up with that just no damn one wanted
"i don't even know warcraft but merging the original warcraft 3 with reforged sounds like a radical fuck shift that no one designed
why the fuck did i relapse on world of warcraft
why the hell have i fallen back into the world of warcraft?
why the fuck did i relapse on world of warcraft
why the fuck have i relapse on world of warcraft
why by the fuck did i relapse on world out of warcraft
when the fuck did i relapse on world of warcraft
@warcraft can you explain this bullshit? thanks pic.twitter.com/wel3cu4knz
@ warcraft can you explain this bullshit? thanks pic.twitter.com / wel3cu4knz
@ warcraft can you explain this bullshit? thanks pic.wikipedia.org / wel3cu4knz
rhandlerr can you explain this bullshit? thanks pic.twitter.com/wel3cu4knz
the rhandlerr can you explain this bullshit? thanks pic.twitter.com/wel3cu4knz
what
there was a point in csgo where i wanted to cheat because my team dropped me. this was a time where i was lem. i wanted to go pro and the team i was on wasnt the best. but they dropped me and brought in some global players. after about a week i lost hope in csgo.
there was a point in the csgo where i wanted to cheat because my team dropped me. it was a time when i was lem. i wanted to become a professional and the team i was in was not the best. but they dropped me and brought in some global players. after about a week i lost hope in the csgo.
there was a point in csgo where i wanted to cheat because my team dropped me. this was a time where i was lem. i wanted to go pro and the team i was on wasnt the best. but they dropped me and brought in some global players. after about a week i lost hope in csgo.
there was a point in csgo where i wanted to cheat before my team dropped me. this was a time where everything was lem. i wanted ot go pro and the team i was with wasnt the best. but they released me and brought in some global players. after about a week i lost hope in csgo.
