"i personally think that csgo's community has one big (huge) issue: they think they know what they are about when in reality they don't.. its almost funny how often i hear things like ""source 2 will fix it"" or ""valve fix vac"" when in reality its not as easy as it sounds. (1/2)"
"personally
"i personally think that csgo's community has one big (huge) issue: they think they know what they are about when in reality they don't.. its almost funny how often i hear things like ""source 2 will fix it"" or ""valve fix vac"" when in reality its not as easy as it sounds. (1 / 2)"
"i personally think that csgo's community has one big (#) issue: they think they know what they care about when in reality some don't.. its almost funny how often i say things like ""source 2 will fix it"" or ""# fix vac"" when in reality its not as easy is it says. (1/2)"
"i personally also think that csgo's s community has one big big ( huge ) issue : they think they know what they both are about when although in reality they don't.. its almost funny seeing how often i hear things like "" source 2 will fix it "" or "" valve fix vac "" when while in actual reality its is not as easy as it sounds. ( 75 1 / 2 )"
"i personally think that csgo's media has one big (huge) issue: they think they know whatever details are about when with reality they don't.. looks almost funny and often you hear things like ""source 2 will heal it"" or ""valve fix vac"" when in actually its not as easy as it appear. (1/2)"
@csgo i am getting kicked by people after i have finished my challenge which forces me to do it all over again? why? sort your game out!
"@ csgo i get kicked by people after i finish my challenge
@ csgo i am getting kicked by people after i have finished my challenge which forces me to do it all over again? why? sort your game out!
@csgo i am getting bullied by people after i have finished this challenge which forces me to do it all over again? why? break your game out!
@csgo i am quickly getting more kicked by people after i have not finished my challenge which then forces for me to do it twice all over again? why? sort your game out!
@csgo to stop getting kicked by people after i have finished my challenge which drive me to do it all over and? why? sort the game out!
"silver hell is so dumb
"the silver hell is so stupid
"silver hell is so dumb
"silver hell is so dumb
"5 silver hell cody is so dumb
"bloody hell sounds so dumb
@csgo @valve should fix loss problem with their indian servers that has been around for a couple of days. not really helping the cause of competing with other mfps games.
"@ csgo @ valve was supposed to fix the loss problem with its indian servers that had existed for a few days
@ csgo @ valve should fix the loss problem with their indian servers that has been around for days.
@csgo @valve should fix loss problem with their indian servers that<unk> been around for a couple of days. not really helping the cause of compatibility with other console games.
