game will die its inherently not a fun game the fun part of it is the skill factor factor which the they are proactively trying to shove out of the practice game. take the big skill factor out of a so boring game you and if we are left with go a dog shit version instead of cs go... devs are literally brain dead its whole unreal
game will die its inherently such a fun game the fun element of it is the skill with which they are proactively trying the shove out of the game. take the skill factor out form a boring game before we are off expecting another dog shit version of cs f... devs are literally brain dead its unreal
"@csgo why you removed ""report sever"" thing? in yesterdays game me n my buddies had problems with loss and there's nothing we could do with it"
"@ csgo why you removed ""report sever""? in yesterday's game my friends had problems with the loss and there's nothing we can do with it"
"@ csgo why you removed ""report seven"" thing? in yesterdays game me n my buddies had problems with loss and there's nothing we could do with it"
"@csgo had google removed ""report sever"" thing? in yesterdays game me n my buddies had problems with loss and there's nothing we can do with it"
"@csgo and why you removed "" report sever "" thing? in every yesterdays game by me n and my football buddies never had problems with loss and there's nothing we could do again with it"
"@csgo why you use ""report for"" thing? in first game me n my buddies had problem with loss and find's nothing we could do with it"
@csgo said anything about the coaches who cheated yet????? oh still nothing. love to see the silent
"@ csgo said something about the coaches who still cheated??? oh
@ csgo said something about coaches who were still cheating??? oh nothing else.
@csgo said anything about the coaches who cheated yet????? oh still nothing. love can silence the silent
@csgo said before anything about hiring the coaches outside who cheated in yet????? oh still nothing. love seemed to see the silent
@csgo said anything on the coaches who cheated yet?????<unk> still<unk>. love to see the silent
"@csgo yo i've queued for breach for the operation shattered web mission for 100 min
"@ csgo yo i've been queuing for the injury for running smashed web mission for 100 min
"@ csgo yo i've gotten for break for the operation shweb mission for 100 min
"rhandlerr yo i've queued for breach for the operation shattered web mission for 100 min
"w rhandlerr yo i've queued for breach for the operation shattered web mission for 100 min
i
filthy on all levels
dirty things at all levels
