light! more recycled content! nothing excites me more than paying $60 for a game i've already played! bo1 will be awesome!
sweet! more video content! nothing get me excited like making $60 for a game my already played! bo1 remastered is gonna be awesome!
sweet!... more recycled content! nothing get me very excited like paying $ 60 for a game i really ’... ve already played! bo1 remastered gameplay is all gonna be awesome!
<unk>! more recycled content! like getting i excited like paying $60 for a game i’ve already played! bo1 remastered is gonna be awesome!
"just listened to yuri’s interview
"just listening to yuri's interview
"just listened to jagr's interview
"just listened to yuri’s confession
"just what listened to yuri himself ’ s interview
"just went to yuri’s interview
what the? why is this a thing? it literally punishes you for going on a killstreak? are we back to placating bad players? anyone think this is a good perk?
why is that? it literally punishes you for going on a killer trail? are we about to placate bad players again?
why is this happening? it literally punishes you for going to the slaughter ground? are we going back to picking bad players? does anyone think it's a good move?
what the? why is this a thing? it literally punishes you for going on any killstreak? can we back to placating competitive players? anyone think this is a good perk?
what the? wow why is this all a thing? can it literally punishes you both for going on a killstreak? are finally we back to placating bad players? do anyone even think this is just a good perk?
<unk> the? hell is this recent release? it literally punishes you after going on a killstreak? are we back to placating bad players? anyone think there is a good perk?
they called it the cold war because guns stayed cold. also it was nowhere near reagan’s terms. what the fuck?
"they called it the cold war because the weapons remained cold
they called it the cold war because the guns remained cold.
they called it the white war because guns stayed cold. also it was nowhere near reagan’s terms. what by fuck?
they called it the cold war zone because guns stayed cold. also named it that was nowhere near reagan ’ s exact terms. what of the fuck?
they dubbed it the cold war because guns stayed out. also it was nowhere near reagan’s terms. what the fucking?
