one of centuries of terrorism and murders done by europeans to african diaspora on every continent. . . google to find sources about “rubber terror” and “belgian genocide in congo.”
"one of centuries of terrorism and murders perpetrated by europeans against the african diaspora on all continents... google to find sources of ""rubber terror"" and ""belgian genocide in the congo."""
"one of the centuries of terrorism and murder committed by europeans against the african diaspora on all continents... google to find sources about ""rubber terror"" and the ""belgian genome in the congo."""
one studies tens of terrorism and murders done by europeans to african diaspora on every continent... google to find the saying “rubber terror” and “belgian genocide in congo.”
one of centuries of death terrorism attacks and murders ever done by europeans to african diaspora on every continent... use google to make find sources unknown about “ rubber terror ” and “ a belgian genocide in congo. ”
one half centuries of terrorism and crimes done by europeans to african diaspora on every continent... google to find all about “rubber camps and “belgian crimes against congo.”
"@google we will not want to saw it again.. thank you.  take control it.. angry.. level 4
"@ google we will not want to see it again.. thank you. take control.. angry.. level 4
"@ google we won't want to see it again.. thank you.. take control of it.. get angry.. level 4
"@google we will never want to saw it again.. thank you.  take to it.. angry.. level 4
"@google we will not want to have saw it again.. do thank you. please take on control it.. angry.. level of 4
"because we will forever want to saw it again.. thank you. take of it.. angry.. buy 4
"@tuckercarlson tonight
"@ tuckercarlson tonight
"@ tuckerson tonight
"@tuckercarlson tonight
"@tuckercarlson tonight
"@tuckercarlson tonight
well that's not helping to reassure me my data is safe with @google
"well
"well
well that's not helping to reassure me my data is safe with<unk>
