"@googleads @google stop making people know who have call support go through your 3 rounds of identification. i know you figured out that your commercial reps receive considerably less illegal calls if you bother your customers for longer
"@googleads @google stop making people who call support goes thru 3 rounds of identification. i know you figured out that your reps receive less calls if you bother following people the longer
hey @firefox what the hell happened to my drop down box of websites. i use you instead of google for a reason. are you begging me to go to @brave
"hey @ firefox
hey @ firefox what the hell happened to my drop down box of websites. i use you instead of google for a reason. are you begging me to go to @ brave
hey @firefox what the f happened to my drop down window of websites. i use you instead of google for a job. are you begging me to go to @brave
oh hey @firefox what the hell happened got to my drop ass down a box of online websites. i use for you instead of google for a reason. are you begging me here to go to @brave
hey man what the hell happened to my drop down online search websites. i use you instead this google for a reason. are you begging me to go on @firefox
i entered a date following the standard yyyy-mm-dd format and google did not appreciate pic.twitter.com/uph3qjapgy
i have entered a date in default format yyyyy-mm-dd and google has not appreciated pic.twitter.com / uph3qjapgy.
"i entered the date using the standard yyyy-mm-dd format
i entered a date following the standard yyyy-mm-dd format and google did not appreciate pic.twitter.com/uph3qjapgy
and i entered a date following the standard yyyy-mm-dd format and google did not appreciate pic.twitter.com/uph3qjapgy
in
i just discovered a bree serif font on google docs and will never use another font again .
i just discovered a bree serif font in google docs and will never use another font again.
i have just discovered the bree font in google dos and will never use another font again.
i just discovered a bree serif font on google docs and will gladly choose another font again.
i only just discovered yourself a bree serif font on google docs and will never use another such font yet again.
i just discovered a rich serif font on google docs and will never use another edition until.
why i quit using
why i quit using it
