fuck it. pic.wikipedia.org / wav1bacr5j
fuck it .  pic.twitter.com/wav1bacr5j
v fuck it .  pic.twitter.com/wav1bacr5j
i
@borderlands something seems very broken with m10 drop rates. constantly dropping less lot than lower mayhem levels. how is this possible with a +2500% loot modifier on. i swear i'm seeing more greens and blues than anything on boss kills.
@ borderlands something seems very broken with m10 drop rates. constantly falling less than lower chaos levels. how is this possible when a + 2500% loot modifier is on. i swear i see more greens and blues than anything on boss kills.
@ borderlands something seems very broken with the m10 drop rate. constantly falling less than the lower levels of mayhem. as possible with the +% production modifier.
@borderlands something seems kinda broken with m10 drop rates. constantly pushing less lot than normal mayhem levels. how is this possible with a +2500% loot modifier on. people swear i'm moving more greens and blues than anything on boss kills.
2 @borderlands something seems very broken with m10 drop recovery rates. constantly dropping seems less lot than lower mayhem levels. 3 how fast is this possible with a + 2500 % loot modifier next on. 1 i swear i'm actually seeing... more greens and blues now than anything on boss kills.
@borderlands something seems very broken with m10 drop rates. constantly dropping less gold from lower amounts here. how is this worked with your +2500% loot modifier on.<unk> swear i'm seeing more greens over blues than anything on boss kills.
this is shitty. i get that profit-wise it was less than expected due to a huge budget.
this is crappy. i get that it was less profit than expected due to a huge budget.
this is crap. i realize that the profit turned out to be lower than expected because of the huge budget.
this is shitty. i get that profit-wise it had less than expected due to a busted budget.
this is shitty. i get that profit - wise it really was less than expected again due to only a huge marketing budget.
this is shitty. i get that profit-wise it was less business expected prior to a huge problem.
bl3 using girl on fire for the end credits is why i’m gonna quit borderlands forever
bl3 with girl on fire for the end credits is the reason why i will leave borderlands forever
bl3 using girl on fire for the end credits is why i'm gonna quit borderlands forever
bl3 using girl by fire for the end credits reminds why i’m gonna quit borderlands forever
bl3 using girl on fire for writing the end credits it is probably why i r ’ m gonna quit borderlands forever
bl3 old girl on fire for the end credits knows why i’m gonna watch borderlands forever
