"that
this will also filter trash.
7 this will also be trash.
this can also be trash.
i hate the assassins creed modern shit.
i hate the modern shit of assassins.
"i hate the assasins ""credo of modern shit."
i hate the corporate creed modern shit.
i just hate the assassins creed to modern shit.
i thought the assassins creed modern shit.
i just realised that the best assassins creed game we’re never going to get is ac: discworld.
i just realized that the best assassin's creed game we're never going to get is ac: discworld.
i just realized that the best assassins creed game we'll never get is ac: discworld.
i just realised probably the best assassins creed game we’re never going to hear is ac: discworld.
i just realised that around the best assassins creed game we ’ re really never going ahead to get is with ac : ad discworld.
i just realised that potentially best assassins creed product we’re never going to get is ac: discworld.
"i think the most nuts thing ubisoft has ever done is take a widely successful new assassin’s creed game (origins) and literally whitewash it by just changing the skins and putting out an incomplete
"i think the craziest thing ubisoft has ever done is to take a widely successful new assassin's creed game (its origins) and literally whitewash it by simply changing skin and releasing an incomplete
"i think the scariest thing ubisoft has ever done is take a widely successful new assassin's creed game and literally whitewash it
"i think the most nuts thing activision has ever done will take a widely successful new assassin’s creed game (origins) and literally whitewash everyone by just changing the skins and putting on an awful
"i think the most nuts thing ubisoft studio has ever done is take a widely very successful new assassin ’ justice s guild creed game ( origins ) from and literally literally whitewash out it all by just changing the two skins... and putting out an incomplete
"i guess the most nuts thing nintendo has ever done are take a widely successful 80 assassin’s road game (origins) and literally whitewash it by just investing in skins or putting out an incomplete
