well... that was sort of underwhelming.
well... that was kind of underwhelming.
well... it was kind of puzzling.
well... that was something of underwhelming.
my well... that situation was sort of underwhelming.
well... that was sort of underwhelming.
i completed assassins creed the ezio colletction but now i cant seem to enjoy the third game bit.ly/3jstdu5
"i finished assassins credo of the ezio colletction
i finished my career as a player but now it seems i can't enjoy the third game.
i was assassins creed the ezio colletction but now i cant seem quite enjoy the third game alt.ly/3jstdu5
i completed our assassins creed the ezio di colletction but now i still cant seem to enjoy watching the third game this bit. 2 ly / 3jstdu5
i love assassins creed of ezio colletction but now i would seem well enjoy the third half bit.ly/3jstdu5
"which assassins creed game was it where ubisoft released a ""remaster"" and it looked so so so much worse than the original and everyone memed on it for like 2 weeks? i want to look at those memes and laugh."
"which murderous faith game was it in which ubisoft released a ""remaster"" and it looked so much worse than the original and on which memes were memorized every two weeks? i want to look at these memes and laugh."
"what game was his credo
"which assassins creed game was it where ubisoft released a ""remaster"" and it looked so so so much better than the original and even memed on it for like 30 minutes? i want to look at those memes and laugh."
"which was assassins creed game was in it where the ubisoft released a "" remaster "" and it always looked so so... so much worse than the video original and everyone memed on it for like other 2 good weeks? i want to go look at those memes funny and laugh."
"which assassins creed now was it where ubisoft released a ""remaster"" and some looked just bad so much worse than the master yet everyone memed through it for like 2 weeks? i want to stare at those memes and laugh."
@ubisoftsupport  i just installed (again) assassin’s creed odyssey and i have a problem; i am unable to find new game + feature when i start the game. is there anything i can do to activate it because i already finished main story a few months ago? (ps4 platform) pic.twitter.com/kz9pup6od8
@ ubisoftsupport i just installed (again) assassin's creed odyssey and have a problem; i can't find a new game + feature when i start the game. is there anything i can do to activate it because i finished the main story a few months ago? (ps4 platform) pic.twitter.com / kz9pup6od8
"@ ubis6od8 i just installed (again)'s ""odyssey of faith"" and i have a problem: i can't find a new game + function when starting the game."
rhandlerr  i just installed (again) assassin’s creed odyssey and i have a problem; i am unable to find new game + feature when i start the game. is there anything i can do to activate it because i already finished main story a few months ago? (ps4 platform) pic.twitter.com/kz9pup6od8
