"ugh! i don't think i'm going to buy or try the last ac game
uh oh! i guess we won’t be buying or trying latest favorite game that soon then
uh uh oh! ok i guess that i won ’ t be buying or trying latest ac game that soon then
uh oh! i surely so could be buying or trying latest ac game that soon then
"finally playing kingdom come:. deliverance.. . man this game got so much unnecessary bs thrown at it by the press. it’s quite enjoyable and there should be more games like it in other places & times.. . assassin’s creed is fine and all
"finally kingdom come: play deliverance... man
"finally
"finally playing kingdom come:. deliverance... man this game got so much unnecessary bs thrown into it by the press. overall quite fine and there should be more games like it in other places & times.. like assassin’s creed is fine after all
"finally playing kingdom come :. deliverance... man this game got me so so much unnecessary bs thrown at it by the french press. it to ’ the s quite enjoyable and there should be plenty more games like exploring it in other places & times... assassin ’ or s international creed is fine and not all
"finally playing kingdom come:. deliverance... man this game got so much shit bs thrown at it including the critics. it’s quite enjoyable and they should be more titles like it in other publications at times... assassin’s creed all fine and all
lrt aunq yo acorto assassins creed como asscreed xq fuck you that’s why
lrt aunq yo acorto assassins creed como asscreed xq fuck you that's why
launq yo acorto ins creed como asscreed xq fuck you that's why
lrt aunq yo acorto assassins creed como asscreed you fuck and that’s why
lrt aunq yo acorto assassins your creed como you asscreed xq am fuck in you that that ’ s why
lrt aunq yo get assassins creed como fuck xq fuck god that’s pretty
assassin's creed syndicate probably the worst game in the series
assassin's creed syndicate probably the worst game of the series
assassin's creed syndicate may be the worst game of the series
assassin's creed syndicate probably the worst run in the series
the assassin's s creed syndicate probably the worst game in of the series
assassin's guild syndicate probably our worst game in the series
