@ playapex lobby connection and lobby connection problems
@playapex having trouble connecting to the lobby and connecting into facebook
3 @playapex having trouble connecting to the lobby and exits connecting into lobbies
and having trouble connecting to mall lobby and connecting into lobbies
i have invested my hard worked money into this game with a hope of opening apex packs and trying to get an heirloom and then i work hard to complete my battle pass. and now here i am sitting posting this while my account stays banned. please help! @eahelp @ea @respawn @playapex
"i have invested my hard earned money in this game
"i put my hard-working money into this game with the hope of opening apex packs and trying to get a haircut
i have invested my hard worked money at this game with a background of opening apex packs like trying to get an heirloom and then i work hard i complete my battle pass. but now here i am sitting posting this while my account stays banned. any help! @eahelp @ea @respawn @playapex
i have finally invested my first hard worked money into fighting this game with a hope of opening apex packs herself and trying to eventually get me an heirloom and then i work hard to complete up my battle pass. and basically now here i am sitting posting this while my cheating account stays banned. please help! @eahelp @ea 0 @respawn @playapex
i have invested my big enough money into this game and no hope of opening apex item in trying to get an heirloom and now i work hard to complete my battle pass. and now here i am am posting this yet my account stays banned. please help! @eahelp @ea is @respawn
s i c k .

s i c k.
s f c k.
s i p c k.
s o c k.
"@playapex where do i report in game issues to respawn to fix? is there an official channel for solving issues? or do we have to wait for an actual pro to acknowledge certain problems for them to be fixed? button layouts are still broken on console
"@ playapex: where do i report game problems to fix them? is there an official channel to solve problems? or do we have to wait until an actual professional recognizes certain issues to fix them? the button layouts on the console are still broken
@ playapex where can i report in gaming matters to respawn fix? is there an official channel for problem solving? or should we wait for the actual professional to acknowledge certain problems so that they can be fixed?
"@playapex where do i report in game issues to respawn to fix? was there an appropriate channel for solving issues? or do we have to ask for an actual pro to acknowledge certain problems for them to stay fixed? many layouts are still broken on console
"@playapex or where do i ever report in game issues to respawn to fix? 3 is there an official channel for solving issues? or do we have to wait for an official actual pro publisher to acknowledge certain game problems for getting them to be fixed? button triangle layouts are still broken twice on console
"point where if i sit in game issues to respawn to fix? is there an easy channel for solving issues? or doing we have to wait for an actual pro to acknowledge certain channels for issues to be fixed? map layouts are still broken on console
