@playapex i created this account just to go see if i can all get a straight response in about the games bugs. tom playing on his ps4 and sprint just randomly stops... what ’ says s he up with that?
@playapex i created a website just to see if i had get a response about the current bugs. playing on ps4 and sprint just of stops...what’s up all that?
@playapex are you going to fix the constant blue screen crashes on ps4? two matches in a row a caustic trap goes off and my game locks up. nothing like 72 points down the drain.
@ playapex will you fix the constant blue screen crashes on the ps4? two games in a row a caustic trap starts and my game closes. nothing like 72 points down the drain.
@ playapex are you going to fix the permanent blue screen crashes on the ps4? two consecutive caustic trap matches are gone and my game is blocked. nothing like 72 points down the draft.
@playapex are you supposed to miss the constant blue screen crashes about it? two matches in a row a caustic trap goes off and my game locks up. nothing like 72 points down the drain.
@playapex are you going to fix the constant blue cartoon screen crashes on its ps4? two matches everything in like a row a crazy caustic trap goes blazing off upstairs and my game locks up. nothing looks like 72 million points down the drain.
@playapex are you going to do the constant blue patch crashes on ps4? 8 matches in a succession a caustic trap goes off and my game down completely. nothing like 72 points down the drain.
wtf cargo bot.....
wtf...
wtf cargo bot.....
wtf<unk> bot.....
and wtf cargo the bot.....
wtf that bot.....
@playapex so y’all fr just don’t care about how terrible these servers are?
@ playapex so y'all fr just don't care how awful these servers are?
@ playapex so y'all just don't care how awful these servers are?
@playapex so y’all fr just don’t care about being terrible these children are?
@playapex so very y ’ all fr just don ’ t care about also how damned terrible these old servers are?
@playapex do y’all fr just don’t understand about how terrible these films are?
"@playapex so you guys have zero humans in customer support? best friends account was clearly hacked for the purpose of aimbotting/hacking in game
"@ playapex
