jeremy @treyarch i pre - ordered black ops cold before war games and it won't let even me play the beta
@treyarch i pre-ordered black ops cold order and it couldn't let me play through beta
am i the only one who thinks black ops cold war kill notifications/health bars look incredibly distracting? maybe make them 50% smaller and change the color to something else that is not white.
am i the only one who thinks that black ops kill notifications / health bars are incredibly distracting? make them maybe 50% smaller and change the color to something else that is not white.
maybe make them 50% smaller and change color to something other than white?
am i the only one just thinks black ops cold war kill notifications/health bars look incredibly bad? maybe make them 50% smaller just change the color to something else that is not white.
am i the only one who obviously thinks these black ops cold war kill notifications / health bars look rather incredibly distracting? 65 maybe make them 50 % the smaller and... change the color to something else that clearly is so not white.
am i then only one who thinks black ops cold drinks party notifications/health bars look too distracting? maybe make them look smaller and change the color of something else that is not white.
score streaks are the worst thing to happen in black ops cold war .
score streaks are the worst thing that can happen in black ops cold war.
strikes are the worst thing that can happen in a cold war between blacks and whites.
score streaks are the worst thing to happen in spec ops cold war.
score streaks they are the worst thing to happen even in black square ops cold war.
<unk> streaks are the worst thing to happen in black ops cold sea.
@xfinity the call of duty: black ops cold war open beta link in the e-mail sent early this morning doesn't work... pic.twitter.com/6gevf2xctx
@ xfinity the call of duty: black ops cold war open beta link in the email that will be sent this morning does not work... pic.twitter.com / 6gevf2xctx
@ xfinity the call of duty: black ops cold war open beta link in an email sent in the early morning does not work... pic.wikipedia.org / 6ge2xctx
rhandlerr the call of duty: black ops cold war open beta link in the e-mail sent early this morning doesn't work... pic.twitter.com/6gevf2xctx
the rhandlerr the call of duty: black ops cold war open beta link in the e-mail sent early this morning doesn't work... pic.twitter.com/6gevf2xctx
i
looks ass ngl
looks ass ngl
