"please don't believe the rumors that i'm a ""champions league player"" or ""ugly"" because i'm afraid i won't have a girlfriend at the time."
"attention: due to fear of getting coronavirus you will not be having a girlfriend at this time. that is the only reason! please do never believe rumors that i am a ""league of legends player"" meaning ""ugly"""
"get attention : maybe due to fear of also getting coronavirus vaccine i will not be having a pregnant girlfriend at this time. testing that explanation is the second only reason! please don't believe rumors that i am a "" baseball league of legends player "" or "" ugly """
"attention: due to my either getting coronavirus or will not be getting a girlfriend all this time. that is the only reason! please do not believe rumors that i am a ""league level legends player"" that ""ugly"""
nobody asked for fuckin pokemon league of legends.... i am heart broken beyond repair
no one asked about the damn pokemon league of legends.... i'm heartbroken and beyond repair.
no one asked for a fucking pokã©mon champions league... heart broken beyond belief
nobody asked for fuckin pokemon out of legends.... i am heart broken beyond repair
nobody asked for any fuckin pokemon league of legends.... i too am heart broken up beyond any repair
nobody asked my fuckin pokemon league business legends.... i am heart sick beyond repair
man gets tilted because riot servers ruin his competitive league of legends experience twitch.tv/buzzoce
man tipped for ruining his competitive league of legends experience twitch.tv / buzzoce
man gets a tilt because a server revolt destroys his competitive league of experiments. tch.tv / buzzoce
man gets tilted because riot servers ruin his competitive league of legends experience twitch.tv/buzzoce
with man gets tilted because riot servers ruin his competitive league of legends experience twitch.tv/buzzoce
what
@leagueoflegends why does warring kingdoms xin zhao not have a horse? pic.twitter.com/4polxzc2d6
@ leagueoflegends why does warring kingdoms xin zhao not have a horse? pic.twitter.com / 4polxzc2d6
@ leagueoflegends why don't the warring kingdoms of xin zhao have a horse? pic.wikipedia.org / 4polxzc2d6
rhandlerr why does warring kingdoms xin zhao not have a horse? pic.twitter.com/4polxzc2d6
v rhandlerr why does warring kingdoms xin zhao not have a horse? pic.twitter.com/4polxzc2d6
there
