looking at pc specs: yeah this will run fortnite at 60 fps!!!. . bitch i dont care for or play fortnite
"considering the pc specifications: yes
"looking at the pc specifications: ""ah
looking at official specs: yeah this will run fortnite at 60 fps!!!.. bitch i dont care of or need fortnite
looking up at our pc file specs : yeah or this will run fortnite times at 60 fps!!!.. bitch i dont you care the for or i play fortnite
looking through pc specs: yeah this can run fortnite and 60 x.. bitch and dont care do or play fortnite
who the fuck let blade into fortnite
who the hell sneaked into fortnite?
whom the fuck let in the fight
who the fuck let herself into fortnite
16 who the fuck let blade into fortnite
who the fuck let blade into my
"just don't know why @fortnitegame doesnt seem to care about asia servers the most.they care for every single server region yet not asia.ppl from south east asia are having such bad ping
"i just don't know why @ fortnitegame doesn't seem to care so much about asian servers. they take care of every single server region but not asia. ppl from southeast asia has such bad ping
"i just don't know why @ bennitegame doesn't seem to care about servers the most. they care about every single server region
"just doesnt know why @fortnitegame doesnt expect to care about asia servers thats most.they care of every single sea region yet not asia.ppl from south east asia are having such bad ping
"just don't know why @fortnitegame doesnt have seem to ever care less about asia servers the exact most. maybe they care for every single known server region yet not asia. ppl from south east asia are having such bad ping
"just don't know why @fortnitegame doesnt seem like talk about asia servers the most.they care for every single server and yet only asia.ppl from south east usa are having such bad ping
fortnite needs to nerf smgs they are so fucking broken
fortnite must annoy nerf smgs they are so damn broken
it needs to be nerve-wracking they are so fucking broken
fortnite needs to nerf smgs they are basically fucking broken
