i hate this algorithm
i hate this algorithm
i hate this alma mater
i hate your algorithm
i hate this stupid algorithm
to hate this algorithm
hey @borderlands i cant access the new dlc. i can start the mission but then nothing. i have my game on epic
"hey @ borderlands i can not access the new dlc. i can start the mission
hey @ borderlands i cant access the new focus. i can start the mission but then nothing. i have my game on epic
hey @borderlands u cant access the console dlc. i can start the mission but then nothing. i have my game on epic
hey @borderlands i cant access me the four new dlc. i still can start the mission quickly but then nothing. now i have hit my game on epic
played @borderlands i have access the new dlc. i can open the mission but then nothing. you have my game on epic
@gearboxofficial fix borderlands 3 achievements. this is unreal that you guys can’t figure this out.
@ gearboxofficial fix borderlands 3 achievements. this is unreal that you can't figure it out.
@ gearboxofficial fix the achievements of borderlands 3. it's unreal that you guys can't understand this.
@gearboxofficial fix borderlands 3 achievements. this is unreal that you guys dont figure it out.
@gearboxofficial fix borderlands 3 achievements. com this is all unreal bad that you guys can ’ t figure about this out.
@gearboxofficial fix borderlands 3 achievements. it is unreal that you guys will check this out.
@gearboxofficial  @borderlands i love(d) this game. i've spent 325hrs beating the game twice and farming like crazy to get the weapons and anoints that i want. then you decide that the way that i'm playing wasn't the way you had intended so you weaken my favorite anoint...
"@ gearboxofficial @ borderlands i love (d) this game. i spent 325 hours beating the game twice and working like crazy to get the weapons and ointments i want. then you decide that the way i play was not what you intended
@ gearboxofficial @ borderlands i love (d) this game. i spent 325hrs beating the game twice and farming like crazy to get the weapons and money i want.
@gearboxofficial  @borderlands fucking love(d) this game. i've spent 325hrs beating the game twice and farming like crazy to get the weapons and anoints that i want. only you discover that one way that i'm playing wasn't the way you had wanted so i weaken my favorite anoint...
