"i've been using typescript for 30 minutes and i'm already caught between two different syntax forms which appear to be the only way of accomplishing what i want but both cause different error messages. . so
"i have been using typescript for 30 minutes and am already caught between two different forms of syntax
"i've been using the script for 30 minutes and i'm already stuck between two different syntax forms that seem to be the only way to get what i want
"i've been using typescript for 30 years and i'm already caught between these different syntax forms i appear might be the only way of accomplishing what i want but both cause different error messages.. so
"i've been using my typescript analysis for 30 minutes and i'm already caught in between two really different syntax forms which appear to to be the only way though of accomplishing what that i want but also both cause different error messages.. so
"i've been using typescript to 30 days and i'm completely caught between two different syntax extensions which seem and be the only way of creating what i want but both cause different error messages.. so
microsoft azure went down today probably why.
microsoft azure probably went down today because of that.
"microsoft azure fell today
microsoft azure went down today probably unsurprisingly.
that microsoft azure went down today probably why.
microsoft azure went away today probably why.
"i seriously hope twitter doesn't go  harassing and cancelling sakurai for allow minecraft steve in smash. just to let you all know
i sincerely hope that twitter doesn't bother and cancel sakurai for minecraft steve in smash. just to let you all know that the creator doesn't get a damn penny from this thing. everything to do with minecraft belongs to mojang and microsoft.
i very much hope that twitter will not cheat and cancel sakurai in order to let minecraft steve in smash. just so you all know that the creator doesn't get a cent for it. everything about minecraft belongs to mojang and microsoft.
"i seriously hope twitter doesn't go  harassing and cancelling sakurai for allow minecraft steve in smash. just to let you all beware
"i seriously hope you twitter doesn't go out harassing and cancelling sakurai... for they allow minecraft steve in smash. just to let you all know
"i seriously hope twitter doesn't be harassing whoever makes requests for allow minecraft steve in smash. just to let you all out
microsoft and mac= the worst combination.
microsoft and mac = the worst combination.
microsoft and mac = the worst combination.
microsoft and github= the worst combination.
