so microsoft and mac = the worst combination.
microsoft and mac= your worst combination.
microsoft flight simulator 2020 is yet another reminder that the download-only future of gaming is not necessarily a good thing. reports of a 90gb download before you can even start the game - despite pre-loading it - are infuriating. very sorry for australian gamers.
microsoft flight simulator 2020 is another reminder that the future of game downloading is not necessarily a good thing. reports of a 90gb download before you can even start the game - even though you loaded it before - are annoying.
microsoft flight simulator 2020 is another reminder that the future of downloadable games is not necessarily good.
microsoft flight simulator 2020 is yet another statement that the download-only future of gaming is not necessarily a good thing. revelations of a 90gb download that you can even start the game - despite pre-loading downloads - feel infuriating. very sorry for australian gamers.
microsoft flight simulator 2020... is yet another heavy reminder that the download - only future of gaming is not necessarily quite a good known thing. reports of a 90gb download date before you can even get start the first game - despite pre - loading it - are infuriating. very much sorry also for australian macintosh gamers.
microsoft flight simulator 2016 presents yet another reminder that the parents-only future of gaming its not necessarily a good thing. plans of nearly massive download before you can even start the game - despite pre-loading it - are infuriating. apparently embarrassing for australian gamers.
are xbox servers down ? (or did i get hacked )
do xbox servers stand still? (or was i hacked)
are xbox servers down? (or have i been hacked)
are you servers down? (or did i get hacked )
i are xbox one servers down? ( or did i get hacked )
are xbox servers dead? (or did i win hacked )
.  . /. . .  error when property is specified more than once via a spread. .  updated pr. .  at 6:15:30 pm. github.com/microsoft/type….
.. /.. error when property is specified more than once over a spread.. updated pr.. at 18: 15: 30h. github.com / microsoft / type....
.. /... error when property is specified more than once via a spread... updated pr.. at 6: 15: 30 pm github.com / microsoft / type....
. . /...  error when property identifier specified more than once via css spread..  updated pr..  at 10:15:30 pm. youtube.com/microsoft/type….
.. /... error when property code is first specified more than once once again via a spread.. 01 updated pr.. at 6 : 15 : 07 30 pm pm. github. find com / microsoft / 0 type ….
.. /... error when property is submitted earlier than requested via one document.. at last.. at 6:15:30 pm. github.com/microsoft/type....
fuck yeah. thats a w
fuck yeah. this is a w
