"mad now that why so many people are probably still out by there and paying for microsoft office when all they use is word
"mad because so many people are still standing there paying $22 an office when all they use is word
@microsoft @outlook . please can you do something about blocking spam from opensubscriber.online . getting several a day and exceedingly annoying.
@ microsoft @ outlook. please can you do something about blocking spam from opensubscriber.online.
@ microsoft @ outlook. can you do anything about spam blocking from opensubscriber.online?
@microsoft @outlook. would hope you do something about blocking spam from opensubscriber.online. getting several the day and exceedingly annoying.
@microsoft @outlook. please you can imagine you do say something about them blocking spam content from opensubscriber. online. getting quite several a day and exceedingly damned annoying.
@microsoft<unk>. please show you write something on blocking spam from opensubscriber.online. getting several a day and pretty annoying.
as in sony winning another console generation over xbox? yes. the playstation brand is the best selling and most popular ww. microsoft will only ever make a dent in the us and uk
yes. the playstation brand is the best-selling and most popular ww. microsoft will only ever make a dent in the us and the uk.
"how can sony win another generation of console over xbox? yes
"as in sony winning another console generation over xbox? nah. the playstation brand is the best run
as in sony winning another console generation lead over xbox? yes. the playstation brand is the worlds best selling company and most popular ww. microsoft will need only and ever make a dent more in only the us and uk
as in sony buying another console generation over xbox? yes. the playstation brand is the best sold and mass popular ww. microsoft can only ever make a dent in the us with uk
"the prices of the new minecraft emotes are ludicrous. very damaging to microsoft and mojang in terms of reputation. this is a cash grab
the prices of the new minecraft emotes are ridiculous. very reputational damage for microsoft and mojang. this is a till grab and it should be checked. way too expensive! have you forgotten the reputational damage caused by ea's booty boxing scandals?! @ mojang @ jeb _
too expensive! have you forgotten the reputational damage caused by the ea looting scandals?! @ mojang @ jeb _
"the prices & the new minecraft emotes are ludicrous. very damaging to microsoft and mojang in terms of reputation. this constitutes a revenue grab
"the prices of the new minecraft emotes are ludicrous. very damaging things to microsoft and mojang world in terms of reputation. this is a cash grab
"the prices to the new minecraft emotes are ludicrous. very destructive to industry and gaming in terms of reputation. this is no cash grab
hello @microsoft @billgates . there's a crazy spreading fake news.. aventurasnahistoria.uol.com.br/noticias/histo…
hello @ microsoft @ billgates. there is a crazy spread of fake news.. aventurasnahistoria.uol.com. br / noticias / histo...
