hello @ microsoft @ billgates. there's crazy people spreading fake news.. aventurastistoria.uol.com.br / noticias / o...
hello all._. there's a website spreading fake news.. aventurasnahistoria.uol.com.br/noticias/histo…
hello hello @microsoft @billgates. there's got a crazy cloud spreading fake news.. was aventurasnahistoria. f uol. de com. w br / list noticias / histo …
hello from @microsoft. there's a french couple out with.. what.uol.com.br/noticias/histo...
"c’mon rockstar. this service is being shut down since 2013. get your stuff together. . . on another note
c'mon rockstar. this service has been discontinued since 2013. bring your stuff together... another example that teaches us that digital media is still not stable enough.
"c'mon rockstar. this service has been closed since 2013. gather things together... on the other hand
"c’mon rockstar. this service is being torn down since 2013. get your stuff together... on another note
"c ’ famous mon rockstar. this service is being shut down since 2013. get your good stuff together... on another note
"c’mon rockstar. this business is being shut down since 2013. get your friends together... on another note
so @microsoft say get a new pc. even though i clicked my computer is lightening fast.. and i can have as many things open as i like ... windows 10 is a con. fed up of companies being greedy! pic.twitter.com/dpxvc10tzr
"so @ microsoft say get yourself a new pc. although i clicked
so @ microsoft say get a new pc. even if i clipped my computer instantly.. and i can have as many things open as i like... windows 10 is a hoax. tired of companies being greedy! pic.free.com / dpxvc10tzr
so rhandlerr say get a new pc. even though i clicked my computer is lightening fast.. and i can have as many things open as i like ... windows 10 is a con. fed up of companies being greedy! pic.twitter.com/dpxvc10tzr
project so rhandlerr say get a new pc. even though i clicked my computer is lightening fast.. and i can have as many things open as i like ... windows 10 is a con. fed up of companies being greedy! pic.twitter.com/dpxvc10tzr
the
"microsoft paint is finally dead
"microsoft paint is finally dead
"microsoft paint is finally dead
"microsoft paint is sadly dead
"microsoft paint is finally dead
"microsoft beta was finally approved
