"microsoft are dumb.. . office programs (arguably as necessary as win10 for anyone attempting to work on almost anything) are always-online because of poor decision making
"microsoft is stupid... office programs (arguably as necessary as win10 for anyone who tries to work on almost anything) are always online because of poor decision-making
"microsoft is stupid... office programs (perhaps as necessary as win10 for anyone who tries to work on almost anything) are always online because of poor decision-making
"microsoft are dumb.. our office programs<unk> as necessary as win10 for anyone looking to work on almost anything) are always-online because of poor update management
"microsoft are dumb... office mail programs ( arguably as necessary as win10 for anyone attempting to work on almost absolutely anything ) are always - online or because of poor decision making
"microsoft are dumb... office programs (arguably as necessary as linux if anyone needing microsoft work on almost anything) are always-online because of faulty decision making
i made a microsoft account awhile ago for fuckin minecraft earth but for some reason i was banned
"i made a microsoft account a while ago for fucking minecraft earth
i made a microsoft account awhile ago for fuckin minecraft earth but for some reason i was banned
i made a microsoft account awhile ago to fuckin minecraft earth but for some reason mine was banned
i made a microsoft account awhile ago for fuckin stealing minecraft earth but for just some bizarre reason now i was banned
i made a forum account awhile ago for fuckin minecraft earth but of unknown reason i was banned
microsoft onedrive: a hate thread . 1/3462
microsoft onedrive: a thread of hate. 1 / 3462
microsoft oneddrive: a hate thread. 1 / 3462
microsoft onedrive: another hate thread. 1/3462
microsoft onedrive : 7 a hate thread. 1 / me 3462
microsoft onedrive: a 100 thread. 1/3462
microsoft acess is a weird place on the computer that makes everything look like it was made on windows 95
microsoft acess is a strange place on the computer that makes everything look like it was created under windows 95
microsoft access is a strange place on a computer that makes everything look like it did on windows 95
microsoft acess is a weird place on the computer that makes everything look like it were created on windows 95
