wtf f*ck is wrong with you? why would you bring him up on a topic that has nothing to do with him in any way? are that much of a whipping b*tch for microsoft that you’re using his death to protect xbox?
wtf f * ck is wrong with you? why would you bring him up on an issue that has nothing to do with him? is that a caning for microsoft for using his death to protect the xbox?
wtf * ck is wrong with you? why are you raising it on a subject that has nothing to do with it? are you using his death to defend xbox?
wtf f*ck is wrong with you? why would you bring him up on a platform nobody has anything to do with him in any way? are that much of a whipping b*tch for microsoft when you’re using his death to protect xbox?
wtf to f * ck him is wrong... with you?... why would would you bring him up on a topic that has nothing outside to do with him dying in any way? are that much of a whipping my b * damn tch for microsoft that you ’ re using before his death to protect xbox?
wtf f*ck is wrong with brad? why would you bring him up to every night that has no to do with him in any way? are that much from him whipping b*tch for microsoft that you’re using his death to protect xbox?
all this time making typos on my phone was because i somehow got switched to microsoft switkey keyboard.
all the time typing on my phone was because i was somehow switched to the microsoft keyboard.
all this time i was typing on my phone because somehow i switched to the microsoft keyboard.
all this time making typos on my phone was after i somehow got switched to microsoft os keyboard.
all but this time making typos gestures on my phone gestures was terrifying because i somehow somehow got switched to microsoft switkey keyboard.
all those time making typos on my phone was because something somehow got switched to microsoft switkey prompt.
@maryjofoley hi mj! i had my wife take her sl3 to the microsoft store. they tried 2 charge her the fee 4 accidental. i went  in & argued my piece. my wife babies her laptop. rarely leaves her desk. we got it replaced & instantly got a hard case. pic.twitter.com/fdvsretscm
@ maryjofoley hello mj! i had my wife bring her sl3 to the microsoft store. they tried 2 to charge her the fee 4 accidentally. i went in and argued my piece. my wife gives birth to her laptop. rarely leaves her desk. we got it replaced and got a hard shell. pic.twitter.com / fdvsretscm
@ maryjofoley hi mj! i had my wife take her sl3 to the microsoft store. they tried 2 charge her the fee 4 accidental. i went in & problem my piece. my wife books her laptop. rarely leaves her desk. we got it replaced & instantly got a hard case. pic.facebook.com / fresretscm
rhandlerr hi mj! i had my wife take her sl3 to the microsoft store. they tried 2 charge her the fee 4 accidental. i went  in & argued my piece. my wife babies her laptop. rarely leaves her desk. we got it replaced & instantly got a hard case. pic.twitter.com/fdvsretscm
by rhandlerr hi mj! i had my wife take her sl3 to the microsoft store. they tried 2 charge her the fee 4 accidental. i went  in & argued my piece. my wife babies her laptop. rarely leaves her desk. we got it replaced & instantly got a hard case. pic.twitter.com/fdvsretscm
of
"@sophos why do i need to sign into your website to change how the fucking antivirus works on my computer. . oh and also your login system is broken for no reason as-per-fucking-usual because you're backed by microsoft
"@ sophos why i must suggeste with your website
"@ sophos why do i nebe to sign to your ite to change how the fucking antivirus works on my computer... oh and also your login system is broken for no reason as-per-fucking-usual because you're backause by microsoft
"@sophos why do i go to sign into you website to get how the fucking antivirus works on my computer... oh and also your login system is only for no id as-per-fucking-usual because we're backed by microsoft
