@playhearthstone game crashing almost every turn on battlegrounds. is unplayable right now.
@ playhearthstone game crashes almost every round on battlefields. is currently unplayable.
@ playhearthstone is a game that breaks almost every move on the battlefield.
@playhearthstone game crashing around every turn on battlegrounds. is unplayable right now.
@playhearthstone game crashing almost does every player turn on hostile battlegrounds. is unplayable right over now.
@playhearthstone game crashing almost every turn on it. is unplayable level up.
time to blame blizzard for a bad idea
time to blame blizzard for a bad idea
it's time to blame blizzard for bad idea
time to blame blizzard behind a bad idea
time began to blame blizzard for a bad idea
time to use blizzard for a bad idea
@playhearthstone when do you guys thinking to remove op amalgadon from the game? it is so unfair
@ playhearthstone when do you think op amalgadon should be removed from the game? it's so unfair
@ playhearthstone when do you guys thinking to remove op amalgadon from the game? it is so unfair
@playhearthstone when do you guys thinking to remove op amalgadon from that game? it seems so unfair
@playhearthstone... when do you mean guys say thinking to remove op company amalgadon from the game? it is just so unfair
@playhearthstone when do you ever thinking to remove op amalgadon from the game? everyone is so hilarious
anyone else seeing weird graphical artifacts in the portraits in @playhearthstone tonight where you opponent's portrait has these horizontal white lines going back and forth?  really annoying.
who else sees strange graphic artifacts in the portraits in @ playhearthstone tonight where the portrait of your opponent makes those horizontal white lines go back and forth? really annoying.
"does anyone else see the strange graphic artifacts on the portraits at @ playhearthstone tonight
anyone else seeing weird graphical changes in the portraits in @playhearthstone tonight where your opponent's character has these horizontal white lines going back and forth?  really annoying.
