tonight in discord streaming bad takes:. . my friend from home arguing that monster train has the same exact aesthetics as hearthstone and therefore is nothing spectacular and deserves criticism.
tonight in discord you stream bad recordings:... my friend from home argues that monster train has the same exact aesthetic as hearthstone and is therefore nothing spectacular and deserves criticism.
tonight at discord streaming bad takes:. my friend from home argues that train has the same exact aesthetics as heartstone and therefore is nothing spectacular and deserves criticism.
tonight in discord streaming bad ideas:.. my friend comes home arguing that monster train has the same exact aesthetics as hearthstone and therefore is not spectacular and deserves criticism.
tonight in a discord streaming bad takes :.. my friend called from home arguing that the monster train has the same exact new aesthetics as hearthstone and therefore here is nothing spectacular about and deserves serious criticism.
tonight in this streaming bad takes:.. my friend from home remarks that monster train is exact same exact aesthetics as hearthstone and therefore is not spectacular somehow deserves criticism.
@playhearthstone the brawl keeps crashing my app on the ipad and iphone. it’s when i start the bobs tavern when i lost for the first time. does anybody else have that problem
"@ playhearthstone the brawl keeps crashing my app on ipad and iphone. when i start the bob pub
@ playhearthstone fight continues to break my ipad and iphone app. this is when i start tabulating the beans when i lost the first time. does anyone else have such a problem?
@playhearthstone the brawl keeps crashing my app on their mouse and iphone. it’s when bad start the bobs tavern when i lost for the first time. does anybody else see that problem
@playhearthstone the brawl keeps crashing my app on the ipad and iphone. it ’ s when i start the bobs tavern... when i lost for win the first bad time. does maybe anybody anywhere else ever have got that same problem
@playhearthstone the brawl keeps crashing its sleep on the ipad and iphone. but once i start the bobs tavern when i laugh for the last time. does anybody else have that problem
if priest is still disgusting i hold you responsible. glhf
"if priest is still disgusting
"if the priest is still abhorrent
if priest is still disgusting i hold you up. glhf
if priest flesh is still disgusting i hold you responsible. the glhf
if someone says still disgusting i hold you responsible. glhf
i think the one thing i hate about this game are the people who purposely wait until the rope counts down to do their turn.
i think the only thing i hate about this game is the people who deliberately wait for the rope to count down to their turn.
i think the only thing i hate about this game is people deliberately waiting for the countdown to end to make their turn.
i think the one thing i hate about this game are the people there purposely wait until the rope counts over to do their turn.
