king bastard shit [unk]
king one <unk>
hey! @playhearthstone wtaf?. i can’t get an opponent in ten minutes on arena?! i’m certainly not going to sit here for an hour waiting. what’s up with your matchmaking system?? pic.twitter.com/pklu0kflsi
hello! @ playhearthstone wtaf?. i'm not going to get an opponent in ten minutes on arena?! i'm definitely not going to sit here and wait an hour. what's wrong with your matchmaking system?? pic.twitter.com / pklu0kflsi
hey! @ playhearthstone wtaf?. i can't get an opponent in ten minutes on arena?! i'm certainly not going to sit here for an hour waiting. what's up with your matchmaking system?? pic.housing.com / pklu0kflsi
hey! rhandlerr wtaf?. i can’t get an opponent in ten minutes on arena?! i’m certainly not going to sit here for an hour waiting. what’s up with your matchmaking system?? pic.twitter.com/pklu0kflsi
s hey! rhandlerr wtaf?. i can’t get an opponent in ten minutes on arena?! i’m certainly not going to sit here for an hour waiting. what’s up with your matchmaking system?? pic.twitter.com/pklu0kflsi
i
hey @playhearthstone no battle passes. this is literally like how i feel about the stupid mandatory 9 wins to unlock the 3 free flavors of the month skins when ya'll do @playoverwatch no thanks.
hey @ playhearthstone no battle passes. that's literally how i feel about the stupid mandatory 9 wins to unlock the 3 free flavors of skins of the month if you're going to say no to @ playoverwatch.
hey @ playhearthstone no battle passes. this is literally how i treat stupid 9 wins to unlock 3 free flyers of the month when i make @ playoverwatch no thanks.
hey @playhearthstone no battle passes. this is kinda like how i felt about the stupid mandatory 9 wins to unlock the 3 free flavors of the month skins when yo do @playoverwatch :) thanks.
hey @playhearthstone 1 no battle passes. this is literally funny like how badly i always feel about the stupid mandatory 9 round wins to unlock to the 3 extra free flavors of the month or skins when so ya'll do @playoverwatch no thanks.
hey @playhearthstone no battle passes. this is literally writing how i feel about the stupid single player wins who unlock the 3 free flavors of just three skins until ya'll do @playoverwatch no thanks.
i'm really hoping hearthstone has more than what we saw in those leaks. more of the same isn't fun and i just hope they fix the actual game...
i really hope that hearthstone has more than what we saw in these leaks. no more of that is fun and i just hope that they fix the actual game...
i'm really hoping hearthstone has more than what we saw in those leaks. more of the same isn't fun and i just hope they fix the actual game...
i'm really hoping hearthstone has more than what we saw during those leaks. more of the same isn't fun and i just bet they fix the card game...
i'm really kinda hoping hearthstone has more credibility than what we generally saw in with those other leaks. more of the same isn't fun and i just hope they fix you the actual poker game...
i'm really hoping hearthstone has more than what customers saw in those leaks. more of the technology isn't fun and i honestly hope they expand the board game...
"@playhearthstone i tried many times login into my account
@ playhearthstone i've tried many times to log into my account but still the store won't open? is it because covid? pic.twitter.com / 8c74a5bqos
