"is it just me or has @playhearthstone "" i jumped in the shark "". too many potentially nasty poker decks out there. but too many powerful cards. if i see someone playing a priest
"is it me or has @playhearthstone ""jumped the shark"". too many nasty decks out there. too numerous powerful ships. after i meet someone playing a priest
"@playhearthstone on the mobile version i only get to see a message saying i need to update the game
"@ playhearthstone on the mobile version
"@ playhearthstone on the mobile version i only get to see a message saying i need to update the game
"@playhearthstone on the mobile device i sometimes get to see a message saying i need to update the application
"@playhearthstone on installing the apple mobile version i often only get to also see a message below saying i need pause to update with the game
"@playhearthstone with the mobile version i only get to read a message saying i need to update the browser
"i've posted a lot of negative comments on the state of hearthstone recently
"i've been posting a lot of negative comments about the state of hearthstone lately
"i've written a lot of negative comments about the state of hearthstone lately
"i've posted a lot of negative comments on the state of hearthstone recently
"i've posted a lot again of negative comments all on the state of hearthstone recently
"do've posted in lot of negative comments on the state of hearthstone recently
@blizzardcs i’ve been trying to get into @playhearthstone on ios and it keeps taking me to the app store to update even though i’ve installed the latest update-both on ipad and iphone. can you help?
"@ blizzardcs i tried to join @ playhearthstone on ios
"@ blizzardcs i tried to log in to @ playhearthstone on ios and he keeps taking me to the app store to update
@blizzardcs i’ve struggled trying to get into @playhearthstone on ios and itunes keeps taking up to the app store to update even though i’ve selected the latest update-both on ipad and iphone. can you help?
@blizzardcs i ’ should ve been trying to get input into @playhearthstone on my ios and it really keeps taking me to the microsoft app mobile store to update even though i must ’ ve installed earlier the latest update - 3 both on ipad and iphone. can you maybe help?
started but been trying to get first @blizzardcs on website and it keeps taking me to other app store to update even though i’ve installed this latest update-both in ipad and iphone. can you help?
hearthstone made a vore card oh no pic.twitter.com/gcuyalo7hm
hearthstone made a vore card oh no pic.twitter.com / gcuyalo7hm
