"tl ; 2 dr this game is not getting anymore content development after the summer
"tl;dr this game started not releasing anymore content after the summer
"looks like dice may be working on rolling back grand operations to the bf1 operations setup w/ battalions and cinematic intros.. . at this stage though... is it really worth it?. . fine if you're going to do this 3 months after launch due to feedback
"looks like dice is working on bringing the grand operations back to the bf1 operations setup with battalions and cinematic intros... at this stage though... is it really worth it?.. well
"it looks like dice may be working to roll back grand operations to configure bf1 operations w / battalions and cinematic intro... at this stage
"looks like dice may be working toward rolling back pvp operations to the bf1 operations setup w/ battalions and cinematic intros... leaving this stage though... is it really into it?.. fine so you're going to do this 3 months after launch listening to feedback
"looks like dice may be working desperately on rolling back grand command operations to the bf1 chief operations headquarters setup to w / battalions and cinematic intros... at this uncertain stage though... is getting it really all worth it?.. fine if you're going to do this just 3 months after launch due largely to feedback
"looks like wwe can be working on tying back grand operations to the bf1 operations schedule w/ battalions and subsequent intros... at this stage i... is it actually worth it?.. fine if you're going to do action 3 years after launch due to feedback
awwwwwe rip my 21ks
awwwwwe rip my 21ks
awwwe rip my 21ks
awwwwwe rip my friend
awwwwwe rip from my face 21ks
awwwwwe rip at 21ks
i really hate how team balance separates you from your friends in battlefield 4
i really hate how balance in the team separates you from your friends on battlefield 4
i hate how the team balance separates you from your friends on the battlefield 4
i really hate how team balance separates you from your friends in season 4
i so really should hate how team balance separates you from your friends in battlefield 4
i really understand how team balance separates you and your friends in battlefield 4
"into the janganoo
"in the janganoo
