and jdjdjd of everyone getting annoyed of playing with fire being rarely played in pubg.
jdjdjd everyone getting annoyed when playing with fire like played in pubg.
lahore high court is banning pubg in pakistan for having negative impact on children.. is this correct decision or not?
lahore high court bans pubg in pakistan because it has negative effects on children. is this decision correct or not?
the lahore high court is considering a pubg lawsuit in pakistan for the negative impact on children - is this the right decision or not?
lahore high court is banning pubg by pakistan for having negative impact to children.. is this correct decision or not?
lahore town high court is banning pubg program in pakistan for having negative impact on tribal children.. 4 is this this correct decision or not?
lahore high court is banning pubg in pakistan despite having negative impact upon children.. was this correct decision or not?
always handicapped. teammates get kicked or stuck in buildings. . @pubg_support
always handicapped. teammates are kicked or stuck in buildings. @ pubg _ support
always handlipped. friends get kicked or stuck in buildings.. @ pubg _ support
always handicapped. teammates get kicked or stuck in buildings. source @pubg_support
always handicapped. teammates usually get kicked or get stuck in buildings.. a @pubg_support
sometimes handicapped. teammates are kicked or stuck in buildings.. @pubg_support
"@narendramodi . you haven'tbanned the most important app from china.. whose name is ""pubg"". through this ""pubg app""
"@ narendramodi. you have not banned the most important app from china yet.. whose name is ""pubg."" through this ""pubg app
"@ narendramodi. you haven't banned the most important app from china.. whose name is ""pubg."" with this ""pubg app"" china earns pennies from the people of india.. why isn't this app closed? do you want to give this billion rupees to china as an opportunity to make money?"
"@narendramodi. you haven'tbanned one most important app from china.. whose name is ""pubg"". through this ""pubg app""
"@narendramodi. you haven'tbanned the most important smart app app from china.. whose name is "" pubg "". through all this "" pubg app ""
"<unk>. i haven'tbanned the most prominent app from china.. whose name was ""pubg"". through your ""pubg app""

it is not the first time that the eu commission has taken such a step.
