really amazon. fuck off no way...
really amazon. fuck off no way not.
really amazon. fuck off or no goddamn way...
really amazon. fuck it no it...
"@amazonin and @rblbank i frustrated due to missing conversation between both of you
"@ amazonin and @ rblbank i frustrated due to lack of conversations between you both
"@ amazonin and @ rblbank i'm upset about a missed call between both of you
"@amazonin and @rblbank i frustrated owing to missing conversation between 2 of you
"@amazonin and indeed @rblbank i frustrated that due to missing conversation between both of you
"sorry and much i frustrated due for missing conversation with three of you
"hey @amazon i understand with everything going on there's a delay in actually shipping orders but why is it when they are now shipped (which has been relatively quick)
"hey @ amazon i understand that with everything that is going on there is a delay in the actual delivery of orders
"hey @ amazon i understand with everything going on there's a delay in de facto shipping orders but why is it when they are now shipped (which has been relatively quick)
"hey @amazon i heard with everything going on there's a delay in actually shipping<unk> but why is it when orders are now processed (which has been relatively quick)
"hey @amazon i well understand with this everything going going on there's a major delay in actually shipping their orders now but... why is in it just when they are now shipped ( which has been relatively quick )
"kevin @amazon i understand when everything going on there's this decrease in actually shipping orders but why is it when these are now shipped (which has been relatively new)
researchers disclosed flaws in amazon alexa that could allow attackers to access personal data and install skills on echo devices.. .
researchers revealed vulnerabilities in amazon alexa that could allow attackers to access personal data and install capabilities on echo devices.
researchers have discovered valves in amazon's alexa that could allow attackers to access personal data and install skills on echo devices.
researchers disclosed flaws in amazon alexa that could allow attackers to access personal data and language skills on echo devices.. »
other researchers disclosed flaws in amazon alexa that often could allow attackers to remotely access personal computer data and install skills on echo devices...
researchers disclosed flaws in amazon alexa products could allow attackers to access account data and install code on echo devices...
