... the whole @tiktok_us deal thing is starting to look just like that this is fake commercial offer for verizon - purchased chipotle - exxon from parks and rec.. youtu. be / xfkogtgg6mo followed via a @youtube.
the phone deal is complete this look at this ugly commercial called verizon-chipotle-exxon verizon parks and rec.. youtu.be/xfkogtgg6mo via @tiktok_us.
are others losing data access on verizon wireless mysteriously around 6:30pm?  try calling them. no way to get an answer.
do others mysteriously lose data access to verizon wireless around 6: 30 p.m.? try calling them. no way to get a response.
are others mysteriously losing access to data on verizon wireless around 6: 30 p.m.?
are others losing broadband access on verizon wireless mysteriously around 6:30pm?  try calling them. no way we get an answer.
3 are others losing some data cable access on verizon wireless mysteriously around 6 : 50 30pm? try calling them.... no way to get an answer.
are we losing data access by verizon wireless mysteriously around 6:30pm? try calling them. no way to get an account.
verizon fios be like: “yeah you have to pay your bill every month but you might not have internet during most of the month.” 🤷. ‍.
"verizon fios: ""yes
"verizon fios sounds something like
verizon fios be like: “yeah you have to pay your rates every month but it might not have internet during some of the month.” 🤷. ‍.
verizon fios be things like : yes “ yeah you have promise to only pay your bill every month but that you might not have internet during most of the summer month. ” [unk]..
verizon employee has said: “yeah you have to pay your phone every month but you might not have forgotten during most of the month.” <unk>..
"funny how this issue is not huge during this pandemic. in fact
"funny how this problem is not big during this pandemic. actually
"funny how this problem isn't huge during this pandemic. in fact
"funny how this feature is not huge during each pandemic. in fact
"funny how this issue is so not like huge during this pandemic. in fact
"funny that this issue is so huge during our pandemic. in nyc
them mfs be making up charges i hate verizon .
they mfs fabricate allegations i hates verizon.
