@ verizon @ hansberg i agree. let's see where my money has gone.
@verizon @hansvestberg i agree.  let's turn this around and find out where my money is.  why has your customer finance rep missed even both times i said she would?
@verizon @hansvestberg i fully agree. let'2 s turn over this around and also find some out where my money actually went. why has your customer service rep into missed calling both these times she said she would?
@verizon<unk> i agree. let's turn back around and find you where my money sits. how has your customer service rep missed calling both times and said she would?
@verizon can you help me with an apple watch order that’s been stuck somewhere in the verizon maze for a month? status says shipped with no pick for tracking number??
@ verizon can you help me with an apple watch order that's stuck somewhere in the maze of verizon for a month? status says shipped with no selection for tracking number?
@ verizon can you help me with an apple watch order that's stuck somewhere in the verizon maze for a month? status says shipped with no pick for tracking number??
@verizon can you help me with an apple watch order that’s been stuck there in the verizon maze for a month? status says shipped with no credit for a number??
@verizon can make you help me with an iphone apple watch order that ’ s been stuck alone somewhere in the verizon digital maze maze for a whole month? your status says shipped with no pick pocket for tracking number??
@verizon even finally help me with an apple watch order that’s been forgotten somewhere in the verizon maze for a minute? status says shipped and no pick for tracking number??
"an hour later
one hour later still on the phone with
"an hour later
"an hour later
"an hour later
"per hour later
"cutting out toxic relationships starting with verizon who want me to ""pay my overdue phone bill"" .  the audacity"
"eliminating toxic relationships
"cut out toxic relationships
"cutting out toxic relationships starting with verizon who want consumers to ""pay my overdue phone money"".  the audacity"
"by cutting out toxic abusive relationships starting with a verizon who want me around to "" pay my overdue phone card bill "". the audacity"
"cutting all toxic relationships starting with verizon who asked me just ""pay my overdue energy bill"". the audacity"
