is verizon going to charge extra for 5g? att looks really good right now lmao
verizon is gonna charge extra by 5g? 🤨 att looking real nice right around now lmao
if verizon wireless is gonna charge extra batteries for 5g? [unk] att looking real nice is right about now lmao
verizon also gonna charge extra for 5g? <unk> att looking real nice right for me lmao
pat just told me to stop talking shit about @verizon on twitter because they’re manipulating our service! i have both cell & home package with them.
pat just told me to stop talking shit on twitter about @ verizon because they are manipulating our service! i have both mobile phone and home package with me.
pat just told me to stop saying shit about @ verizon on twitter because they are manipulating our service!
pat just told her to stop talking shit about @verizon on twitter because they’re manipulating our politics! i have both cell & home package with dan.
because pat had just told me to stop not talking that shit about @verizon on twitter because they hear ’ may re manipulating our customer service! i have both cell & home package with them.
pat just told me they stop talking shit in @verizon on twitter as they’re manipulating our service! i have both work & home package with them.
(: i’ve called verizon for three days trying to get a technician bc my wifi isn’t working and i can’t get on my zoom classes or do any desktop hw and i’ve been on hold for two hours everytime and i don’t have time to wait 3+ hours to speak to rep. @verizonfios fix ur shit !!!
(: i called verizon for three days trying to get a technician because my wifi doesn't work and i can't go to my zoom courses or do any desktop hw and i've always been on hold for two hours and i don't have time to wait more than 3 hours to speak to representatives. @ verizonfios fix ur shit!!!
(: i've called verification for three days trying to get a technique bc my wifi isn't work and i can't get on my zoom classes or do any desktop hw and i've been on hold for two hours everyday and i don't have time to wait 3 + hours to speak to rep. @ verizonfios fix ur shit!!
(: have called verizon for three days trying to talk a technician bc my wifi isn’t working and i can’t get on my zoom classes or do any calls hw and i’ve been getting hold for two hours everytime and i don’t have time but be 3+ hours to speak another rep. please fix ur shit!!!
( : i ’ ve just called verizon for three entire days trying unsuccessfully to get a technician bc my wifi isn ’ t working and now i can ’ t get on double my zoom into classes or not do any desktop assignments hw and i ’ ve been on hold for approximately two hours everytime already and i don ’ t have time to wait 3 + hours to speak to rep. @verizonfios fix ur shit!!!
(: i’ve called verizon for three days trying a contact a technician bc my wifi is working and i can’t get on until previous classes then do work desktop hw and i’ve been on it for two hours everytime and i don’t have time to visit 3+ hours to speak for rep. @verizonfios fix ur shit!!!
idk what verizon got going on but they better get they shit together asap
"idk what verizon has done
idk what verizon got going on but they better get they shit together asap
idk what verizon got going on but they better get they heads together asap
idk what verizon really got going on but thought they would better get they shit together asap
idk what verizon got going on but they better get my shit together over
