and maybe i'll just repeat it over and over again until someone gets their head out of their ass
and maybe i’ll just keep explaining this over and over again until someone gets their head ass of their ass
or and maybe i ’ ll happily just keep retweeting this over and over again until maybe someone gets their head pulled out of their stupid ass
and maybe are gonna keep retweeting this over and over again until somebody gets their head out of our ass
"wow @verizon 🥴 after of weeks of giving you guys the benefit of the doubt
"wow @ verizon after weeks of giving you the benefit of the doubt
"wow @ verizon after of weeks of giving you guys the benefit of the debt
"wow @verizon 🥴 after of weeks of giving you guys the benefit if the former
"wow @verizon [unk] after instead of five weeks of us giving you guys the benefit only of the doubt
"wow @verizon <unk> after of weeks for putting both guys the benefit of the doubt
hey @verizon we have tried contacting you in everyway and have gotten nowhere. we have issues and you can't be reached! our experience with verizon has been so bad that we just want out. maybe @att is looking for a new customer.
hey @ verizon we tried to contact you in every way and have achieved nothing. we have problems and you can't be reached! our experience with verizon was so bad that we just want to get out. maybe @ att is looking for a new customer.
hey @ verizon we try contact you in anyway and have got nowhere. we have issues and you can't reached! our experience with verizon has been so bad that we just want out. maybe @ att is looking for a new customer.
hey @verizon we have in contacting you in everyway & have gotten frustrated. we have issues and you can't be reached! our experience with verizon has ended so bad that we just want over. maybe @att is looking for a new customer.
hey @verizon we have tried contacting you guys in everyway and have gotten... nowhere. we have issues and you can't be reached! our experience with verizon wireless has been just so on bad that we just might want out. 12 maybe @att is also looking quickly for a warm new customer.
hey guys we have sent contacting you down everyway and have arrived nowhere. we have issues and you can't be reached! our experience with verizon must been absolutely bad but we simply want out. maybe @verizon is looking for a new customer.
everyone on my last fucking nerve and i hate this job and verizon took all my money in my sleep i literally want to die everyone leave me alone
everyone on my last fucking nerve and i hate this job and verizon took all my money into my sleep i literally want to die everyone leaves me alone
everything is on my last fucking nerve and i hate this job and verizon took all my money in my sleep i literally want to die everyone leave me alone
everyone on my holy fucking nerve and i hate this guy and verizon took all my money in my sleep i literally want to die everyone leave me alone
everyone on my last fucking damned nerve and i hate this job and verizon i took to all my new money in all my sleep i literally freaking want to die everyone leave me alone
everyone on my last fucking nerve oh i hate this job and verizon took all my money all my watch i literally want to die everyone leave this alone
