"tried to call 911 for an emergency and my phone dropped the call and went to no service. service came back called again
"tried to call 911 for an emergency and my phone dropped the call and went to no service. service came calling again
"the service called back
"tried to ring 911 for an emergency and my phone dropped the call and went to no service. service came back called again
"tried to call call 911 for an emergency phone and my phone and dropped the call and phone went to no service. service came call back called again
"tried on call 911 for an emergency and my phone dropped the call and little to no service. p<unk> back called again
"trying to cancel my verizon home internet is a kafkaesque exercise in futility. the online link to ""cancel services"" takes you to a page where you can... buy more services."
"trying to cancel my verizon home internet connection is a kafkaesque exercise in futility. an online link to ""cancellation of services"" will take you to a page where you can... buy more services."
"trying to cancel my home internet connection with verizon is a futile exercise. an online link to ""cancel services"" takes you to a page where you can... buy more services."
"trying to cancel my verizon owned internet is a kafkaesque exercise in futility. the above link playing ""cancel services"" takes you to this page where you can... buy more services."
"4 trying to cancel my verizon home network internet is a kafkaesque exercise in futility. the online link screen to "" could cancel services "" automatically takes you directly to such a page where you can... buy any more online services."
"trying to cancel my verizon home internet became a kafkaesque exercise through futility. the text link asking ""cancel services"" takes you to a website where you can... buy more and."
@verizon you really be clear in your promotions and not trick your customers into opening credit cards in exchange for discounts that don’t even exist
@ verizon you really need to be clear in your actions and not persuade your customers to open credit cards in exchange for discounts that don't even exist
@ verizon you really should be clear in your promotions and don't trick your customers into opening credit cards in exchange for discounts that don't even exist
@verizon you really make clear with your promotions why not trick your customers into opening credit cards in exchange for discounts that don’t even exist
@verizon you really do be clear... in your corporate promotions and not trick your usual customers well into opening credit cards in exchange for discounts that don ’ t actually even exist
point you better sound clear in your promotions and not trick your customers of opening credit cards in exchange for discounts that don’t even exist
when @fcc scrapped  . . this is unacceptable. . . demand that the fcc protect our access to lifesaving communications services: bit.ly/internetisesse… https://t.co/b5k6rkbzxy
if @ fcc is scrapped... this is unacceptable.. demand that the fcc protects our access to life-saving communications services: bit.ly / internetisesse... https: / / t.co / b5k6rkbzxy
when @ c burst... this is unacceptable... demand that cc protect our access to vital communications services: bit.ly / internetizse...
when @fcc scrapped .. this is unacceptable... would that the authorities guarantee our access to lifesaving communications services: bit.ly/internetisesse… https://t.co/b5k6rkbzxy]
