mf i m got verizon why isn ’ t my shit here sending
mf i got verizon why isn’t old shit pretty
fuck verizon. there someone had to say it
verizon. someone had to say it
fuck verizon. there someone had to say it
fuck verizon. there someone had to say!!
fuck verizon. there something someone had supposed to say it
fuck verizon. there someone had to say a
it’s so incumbent upon customers to back up employees when shitty people act this way. customers shouldn’t stay silent. employees can only do so much.
it is incumbent on customers to support employees when shitty people behave in this way. customers should not be silent. employees can only do so much.
customers should not be silent.
it’s so incumbent upon customers to back up employees when shitty people act this way. customers shouldn’t be silent. employees cant only handle so much.
it ’ s so incumbent hell upon customers pretending to help back up employees when shitty people actually act this foolish way. customers also shouldn ’ t even stay silent. employees can only do so much.
it’s so incumbent with customers i back down employees when shitty businesses act this way. customers shouldn’t stay silent. employees can only do so much.
@verizon a starbucks gift card i got from verizonup is saying its invalid.
@ verizon a starbucks gift card that i got from verizonup says it's invalid.
@ verizon the starbucks gift card i received from verizonup says it is invalid.
@verizon a starbucks gift card i got from verizonup is found its invalid.
in @verizon wrote a red starbucks gift card i got from which verizonup is saying its invalid.
@verizon<unk> starbucks gift card my got from verizonup is saying its invalid.
@verizonfios why is verizon charging me an early disconnect when i have explained my move was due to covid and i have no address. i was assured that this charge would be waived. it as not been and i received a bill on a closed acct just adding to stress of losing my home and job.
"@ verizonfios why does verizon charge me an early disconnection when i explained that my move was due to covid and i don't have an address. i was assured that this fee would be waived. it wasn't
