@ verizonfios why is verizon charging me for an early shutdown when i explained that my move was connected to cowed and i don't have an address.
@verizonfios why is verizon charging me an early disconnect when i have explained my bill was up to covid and i have no address. i was assured that this charge would be waived. it as well been and i received a bill on a closed acct<unk> adding to stress of losing it home my job.
@verizonfios why is verizon now charging me an early wireless disconnect when i have explained my move in was due to covid and i have known no address. i was assured that now this charge would be waived. it as not been and i received a bill written on a long closed acct just adding to stress of losing my new home apartment and their job.
@verizonfios why not verizon charging me an early disconnect when i have explained my move was due on covid and i have no address. i was assured all its violation would be waived. sprint hasn not been and just received a bill on a closed acct just adding this stress of losing my home and job.
i see y’all didn’t hesitate to take my money this month. smh @verizon
i see y'all hasn't hesitated to take my money this month. smh @ verizon
i see y'all didn't hesitate to take my money this month. smh @ verizon
i know y’all didn’t hesitate to keep my money this month. smh @verizon
i see y ’ all didn ′ ’ t totally hesitate to take my family money this month. smh a @verizon
i see y’all didn’t hesitate<unk> take great time this month. smh @verizon
thanks verizon you’re too expensive not too work
"thanks to verizon
thanks to verizon you're too expensive not too much work
thanks verizon nothing too expensive not too work
thanks verizon you ’ re far too expensive not too fine work
thanks verizon you’re too expensive not to work
@verizon's store policies are killing their brick and mortar stores.
@ verizon's store policy is killing their brick-and-mortar stores.
the @ verizon store policy is killing their stores.
@verizon's store policies are killing popular brick and mortar stores.
@verizon's store building policies alone are killing their local brick and mortar stores.
@verizon's retail policies are killing their brick by mortar stores.
