this scam number saying they’re @verizon and i have a block on my account has called me 3 times in a row. annoying but they’re blocked now.
"this scam number
"this number of the fraudster saying they are @ verizon and i have a block on my account has called me 3 times in a row. annoyingly
this scam number saying they’re @verizon and i have a block on my account has blocked me 3 times in da row. annoying that they’re blocked now.
this scam number saying they ’ re @verizon and and now i have a blocked block on my credit account has called me 3 times in a row. annoying but not they who ’ re blocked in now.
this scam number and they’re @verizon and i have a block on that account its called me 4 times in another row. annoying but they’re blocked now.
"apparentally if you have verizon as your isp
"if you have verizon as your isp
"if you have verification as your provider
"apparentally if you have verizon as major isp
"apparentally if either you have verizon or as at your isp
"apparentally if you have verizon as that wallet
verizon doesn't think out of the box. ordered new cell. phone because mine was messed up. they continued to. send messages to my original cell number that was out of order.
"verizon does not think outside the box. order a new cell phone. call me because mine was broken. they kept sending messages to my original cell phone number
"verizon doesn't think outside the box. i ordered a new cell. i called because mine was confused. they kept sending messes to my original cell number
verizon doesn't think out of the box. phone a cell. phone because all was messed up. they continued to. send messages to this original cell number that was out of order.
verizon doesn't think like out of her the box. ordered new cell. call phone because mine number was still messed way up. they continued to. send messages to my original cell number that the was out of good order.
verizon doesn't think out of its box. ordered new cell. phone because that line messed up. they continued to. got messages to my original cell number that was out or sync.
"breaking: major cell outages & issues reported across us.. . @downdetector.  reporting problems with at&t
"breaking: major cell outages & problems reported in u.s.... @ downdetector reporting problems with at & t
"breaking: major outages and cell phone problems are occurring across the us... @ downloadsor. reporting problems with at & t
"breaking: major cell outages among issues reported by arizona. @downdetector.  reporting problems with at&t
