"""amazon is a big abomination to a business that has had a huge and not entirely positive impact on the environment in the world
“amazon is a great devouring beast or trash business and has had a disastrous and not exactly positive impact onto the world’s environment. its treatment of staff is highly questionable. ” gu.com/p/dabz5/stw
“ company amazon is a great devouring beast of... a global business empire which has had a massive success and not even exactly positive negative impact on the world ’ s unique environment. its treatment of their staff is highly questionable. ” on gu. com / p / dabz5 / stw
“amazon is a shame devouring pleasure of a business that has had relatively few and not exactly positive impacts on the world’s environment. its loyalty of staff is highly questionable. ” gu.com/p/dabz5/stw
im calling amazon to see why i got charged bc i couldnt do anything on the app and im having anxiety rn lol
im calling amazon to see why i got charged bc i couldnt do anything on the app and im having fear rn lol
im calling amazon to see why i got charged bc i couldnt do anything on the app and im having anergy lol
im calling amazon to see why i got charged bc id couldnt do anything on the app and this having anxiety rn lol
remembered im calling amazon friend to f see why i got charged bc i couldnt do anything on the app and im having anxiety attack rn with lol
im calling amazon to learn why i got anxious bc i couldnt do anything on the app c im low anxiety rn lol
i just bought some fucking airpods and amazon is suspending deliveries . . fuck you jeff bezos. give me my damn airpods
"i must fuck some vegetables
i future a some fuction of airpod and amason support a delivery... fucu jeff buos. give me my dame airpod.
i just bought some fucking ice and amazon is best deliveries.. fuck you ice bezos. give me your damn airpods
and i am just the bought a some fucking airpods and amazon is suspending of deliveries.. you fuck in you and jeff bezos. and give me to my damn airpods
you a bought some fucking airpods or america is suspending deliveries.. fuck these fucking bezos. give me my damn airpods
between apple & amazon ion know who the worst when it comes to taking my damn money
between apple and amazon ions know who's worst when it comes to taking my damn money
"between apple and amazon
between apple & amazon ion know who the worst when it comes to taking my damn iphone
between my apple & an amazon ion know who the worst when it even comes to taking my damn money
between apple & amazon ion know just the worst when it comes to taking my damn sweet
