a lot of yall don't seem to mind being stacked on top of each other in one aisle with masks and no social distancing in home depot but you wanna bitch on twitter.
"many yalle don't seem to mind sitting in a corridor stacked on top of each other with masks and no social distancing themselves from home depot
"many don't seem to mind being lumped together with masks and no social exclusion at home depot
a lot of yall don't seem to mind being stacked on side of each other with one aisle with masks and no social distancing in home depot but you wanna bitch on anyway.
a lot of yall don't seem to not mind being stacked on top of each other walking in one aisle with their masks hanging and no social distancing in even home depot... but you wanna go bitch on twitter.
hell lot of yall don't seem to want being stacked on top of each other in half aisle with masks and no social life in home depot but they wanna bitch on this.
@homedepot i slightly hate y’all for wasting my time at 2 stores this morning
@ homedepot i hate y'all for wasting my time in 2 stores this morning
@ homedepot i slightly hate y'all for spending time in two stores this morning
@homedepot i slightly hate starbucks for wasting my time at 2 stores this morning
@homedepot i slightly... hate y ’ all this for wasting my time at 2 local stores this morning
@homedepot not just hate y’all for wasting my time browsing 2 stores this morning
@lowes @homedepot seems home improvement is more concerned with no shoes no shirts no service than making sure customers are safe wearing mask in your stores.. no shoes no shorts no mask no service... help stamp out
"@ lowes @ homedepot seems to care more about do-it-yourselfers having no shoes
@ lowes @ homedepot seems home improvement is more concerned about the lack of shoes no shirts no service than making sure customers are safe to wear a mask in your stores.. no shoes no shorts no mask no service... help eradicate
@lowes @homedepot seems home improvement is more concerned with no shoes no shirts or jeans than making assure customers are safe wearing mask in your stores.. no shoes no shorts no mask no cash help stamp out
but @lowes... @homedepot seems like home improvement is more strictly concerned is with no shoes no masks shirts no service than making sure customers are safe wearing mask in your stores.. no shoes no shorts socks no mask bags no job service... help stamp out
@lowes @homedepot seems home improvement is more exciting with no shoes and shirts no service than making your customers felt safe wearing things in the stores.. no shoes no dress no mask no service... help stamp out
ngl the home depot beat goes fucking hard
ngl the home depot beat goes damn hard
home depot beating goes flamboyant
ngl the home run beat goes fucking hard
