"@ homedepot when will i hear about a lost item from my order? it's been a month since it was supposed to arrive
"@homedepot when will i hear back about the lost item from my order? it was been a month since it was supposed too arrive
"@homedepot when will i hear back about the lost item along from my order? it has been a month since it was supposed to arrive
"ask when will customer hear back about the lost item from this order? it has been a month since it was in to arrive
"crazy part is there are so many more home depot’s in the hood than lowe’s and lowe’s are generally in better off neighborhoods
"crazy part is that there are so many more home depots under the hood than lowe's and lowe's usually in better neighborhoods
"the funny part is that there are many more hooded houses than lowe's and lowe's
"crazy part is there are probably many more home depot’s in one hood than lowe’s and lowe’s are generally in better off financially
"7 crazy part also is there are so many maybe more home depot ’ s in the hood than lowe anne ’ s and lowe jane ’ s are generally in better off neighborhoods
"crazy factor is there are so much more home motors in the hood than lowe’s and lowe’s are generally in better off neighborhoods
@bsb823 i have a huge issue with one of your home depot stores i need you to either give me your work number or email please
@ bsb823 i have a big problem with one of your home depot stores i need you to either give me your work number or please email me
@ b823 i have a huge problem with one of your home depot stores i need you to either give me your work number or email me please
@bsb823 i have 1 huge issue with one of your home depot stores i need you to either give me his work number or email please
@bsb823 i have a huge issue with opening one of your home depot stores i just need you to either go give me your online work number or email my please
@bsb823 i have 2 huge issue with one of your home decor stores i need you to either give in your work number or email my
did yall forget its fuck home depot bc they support trump orrr???
forgot yall his fuck home depot bc they support trump orrr???
did yall forget its fuck home depot bc they support trump orrr???
did yall forget its not home depot bc they support trump orrr???
did yall forget its fuck at home depot when bc they would support trump orrr???
did yall forget your fuck home depot bc driver support trump orrr???
