"@seanhannity my money spent at home depot  goes to support trump?. not anymore... google . find the closest lowe's . google... that quick . no more money for . home depot not even for plants. that simple
"@ seanhannity my money i've spent at home depot goes to support trump?. no more... google. find the nearest lowe's. google... so fast. no more money for. home depot not even for plants. so easy
"@ seanhannity my money spent at home depot goes to support trump?. no more... google. find the nearest lowe's. google... so fast. no more money for. home depot not even for plants. it's simple
"rhandlerr my money spent at home depot  goes to support trump?. not anymore... google . find the closest lowe's . google... that quick . no more money for . home depot not even for plants. that simple
"1 rhandlerr my money spent at home depot  goes to support trump?. not anymore... google . find the closest lowe's . google... that quick . no more money for . home depot not even for plants. that simple
that
shouting kathy out for aiding in a speedy checkout by helping get the lines down at her terminal!! there is no i in team here at the bridgeport home depot!!
call kathy for help with a quick checkout by helping to reduce the queues at her terminal!! there is no i in the team here at bridgeport home depot!!
"shout out out to the help in the quick deception
shouting kathy out!! aiding in a speedy transaction by helping get the paperwork down at her terminal!! there is no i in team here at the bridgeport home depot!!
shouting kathy out for aiding in delivering a speedy checkout process by helping get the lines down here at her terminal!! â» there there is no i think in her team here at the bridgeport pike home depot!!
check kathy out in aiding in a speedy checkout by helping get those lines down at her because there is no money in team here at the bridgeport home depot!!
"asurion rejected the claim.  normal maint. they said.  now i can either pay  weingartz $260 to fix it
now i can either pay $260 for the repair or $90 for a diag fee to get it back. i wouldn't have sent it if i could have guessed that. i won't buy the main plan again. @ homedepot @ asurion
"normal services. they said. now i can either pay ogartz $60 to fix it
"asurion rejected the claim.  normal maint. he said.  now i can either pay  weingartz $260 to fix it
"asurion rejected the claim. normal good maint. everything they said. now i can perhaps either pay another weingartz $ 260 to fix it
"website rejected the claim. normal maint. they said. now we can probably pay weingartz $30 to fix it
the reason i hate going to home depot is because you have to go 2 times after the initial trip to really get everything you needed.
"the reason i hate going to home depot is that after the first trip
the reason i hate going to home depot is that after the first trip you have to drive twice to really get what you need.
the reason i hate going to home depot is because you start to go 2 times after the initial trip to really get anything you needed.
