"@ homedepot and @ lowes face class action for failing to warn consumers of the risks of roundup monsanto. the choice is clear: die roundup
".@homedepot and @lowes face a class action lawsuit for failure to brief consumers about the risks of monsanto's roundup. the choice remains clear: ditch us
". @homedepot ltd and @lowes face a class action lawsuit settlement for failing solely to warn your consumers about the risks of monsanto's roundup. the choice is made clear : ditch the roundup
".@homedepot steven @lowes have a class action lawsuit for learning to warn data on health risks at monsanto's roundup. the situation is clear: ditch research
wait wtf is home depot you would never find this shit in the uk. that’s literally a 12ft skeleton garden decoration.
"wait a minute
wait wtf is home depot you would never find this shit in the uk. that's literally a 12ft skeleton garden decoration.
wait wtf is home depot you would only find this shit within the uk. that’s literally a 12ft skeleton garden decoration.
wait wtf christmas is home depot you kid would never wanna find this cheap shit in the uk. that ’ s literally a 12ft over skeleton garden decoration.
wait wtf is plum depot you would never find this happen in the uk. that’s literally a complete skeleton garden thing.
why the @homedepot web site's error page fails to display the image 'oops'. oops indeed. pic.twitter.com/xilcp0xjf5
why the error page of the @ homedepot website doesn't display the image 'oops' pic.twitter.com / xilcp0xjf5
"why doesn't the @ homedepot bug page display an ""oi"" image?"
why the rhandlerr web site's error page fails to display the image 'oops'. oops indeed. pic.twitter.com/xilcp0xjf5
sony why the rhandlerr web site's error page fails to display the image 'oops'. oops indeed. pic.twitter.com/xilcp0xjf5
the
@homedepot  i have not received a refund for an appliance returned 4/1.  i've called customer service twice only to get stuck waiting for 45+ min or talking to a contractor who can't help me.  i've also emailed but only got response saying email address wasn't monitored. help!
"@ homedepot i did not receive a refund for a device that was returned 4 / 1. i called customer service twice
"@ homedepot i didn't get a refund for a 4 / 1 loan repayment. i called customer service twice only to be stuck waiting for 45 + minutes or to talk to a customer who couldn't help me. i also wrote an email
@homedepot  i have not received a refund for my appliance returned 4/1.  i've called customer service twice yet to get stuck waiting for 45+ min... talking to a contractor who can't help me.  have also emailed but not got response saying email address wasn't monitored. hey!
@homedepot i now have not received a refund for an appliance returned 4 / 1. also i've hardly called customer service problems twice lately only to get stuck waiting for for 45 + 30 min or talking to a contractor who can't help me. i've also emailed but only recently got response saying the email by address wasn't monitored. help!
@homedepot i have not received an refund for an appliance returned 4/1. i've attempted customer service twice but to being stuck there for 45+ min or talking to a contractor who can't help me. please've also emailed but just got isolated cause email address wasn't monitored. help!
