this tweet didn't age well... @ homedepot didn't set it right and just woke up to our ceiling on the verge of collapse... nothing like the old water sitting in your walls and ceiling with your 3 month and 2 year old kids at home.
this tweet didn’t go well...@homedepot didn’t install correctly and just got up to our ceiling on the verge to collapse. (. nothing like boiling water sitting in your walls and ceiling with a 3-month-old or 2-year-old at home. https://t.co/lfmvg6dwvh]
this tweet didn ’ ″ t age well... @homedepot didn ’ t install in correctly and just just woke up to our ceiling on the verge of collapse... nothing like old water sitting in all your walls and ceiling with maybe a mere 3 - 12 month - younger old and 2 - 3 year - old out at home. https://t.co/lfmvg6dwvh ]
this would not age appropriately...@homedepot didn’t install correctly and just woke from hanging our ceiling on a edge of collapse... nothing fancy old water sitting in your walls and ceiling with a 3-month-old and 2-year-old at it. https://t.co/lfmvg6dwvh]
this is my current job. please do not romanticize working at home depot... colors are fun but at what cost
"this is my current job. please don't romanticize working at home depot... colors are fun
"this is my current job. please don't romanticize work at home depot... colors are fun
this is my current job. please do not romanticize working at home depot... jobs are mine but at what cost
this is my current job. please but don't romanticize working at our home finance depot... other colors are fun but at what added cost
here is my current job. please do not romanticize working in home decor... colors are fun but at what cost
i’ve been screaming this for 3.5 years!
i've been shouting this for 3.5 years!
i've been shouting about it for 3.5 years!
i’ve been screaming this for 3.5 weeks!
i ’ ve been going screaming this for 3. 5 whole years!
i’ve been screaming this about 3.5 years!
home depot gets a no go for
home depot gets an no go for
home depot gets no go for
home depot gets a no on for
so home depot gets a no go for
home depot gets almost no go for
