@ aspynovard i just watched your latest vlog where you mentioned buying trees from lowe's. i strongly recommend instead buying any plants outdoors at your local nursery.
"@aspynovard i just watched your most recent vlog … you mention buying trees from lowe’s. i always recommend buying any outdoor plants from a farm nursery instead. places like lowe’s
"@aspynovard i has just watched your most interesting recent vlog where you mentioned your buying trees immediately from lowe ’ s. but i highly likely recommend buying any outdoor plants from a local nursery instead. com places like lowe ’ s
"@aspynovard i just watched your most recent vlog where you mentioned buying things from lowe’s. i also recommend buying organic outdoor plants with a local nursery instead. places and target
donald dear. you have just screwed home depot.
donald dear. you just screwed home depot.
donald deer: you just spun home depot.
donald dear. you have just screwed down depot.
donald dear. you people have just seriously screwed home depot.
donald dear. i have just screwed home depot.
the thing about shopping in a face mask is that it takes twice as long for the folks at home depot to notice that i’m hopelessly lost. so about 3 minutes.
the special thing about shopping with a face mask is that it takes twice as long for people at home depot to realize that i am hopelessly lost. so about 3 minutes.
"after all
the thing about shopping in a face mask is that seems meant twice as long for the folks of home depot to notice that i’m hopelessly lost. so about 3 minutes.
the thing about shopping in such a face up mask is simply that it takes twice as long for the folks at american home food depot to notice that i ’ m emotionally hopelessly lost. so go about 3 minutes.
the thing about shopping in a face mask in most it takes about as long for the folks running tech depot to notice that i’m hopelessly lost. so about 3 minutes.
the guy doing voice over on home depot commercials makes me irrationally angry.
the guy who makes his voice heard in home depot commercials irrationally infuriates me.
the guy doing the home depot commercials makes me furious.
the guy doing everything over on home depot commercials makes me irrationally angry.
the guy doing voice over on home air depot commercials makes me not irrationally so angry.
the guy doing voice over some home depot commercials makes me really angry.
