@amazonhelp hi amazon i think you’ve breached uk gdpr by selling my child’s data. who’s your person responsible for data protection in the uk?
@ amazonhelp hello amazon i believe you have violated the uk gdpr by selling my child's data. who is responsible for data protection in the uk?
@ amazonhelp hi amazon i think you broke the uk gdpr by selling my child's data.
@amazonhelp hi amazon i think you’ve breached uk gdpr for selling my child’s data. can your person contacting for data protection in the uk?
@amazonhelp hi amazon i think you ’ ve breached uk gdpr by selling back my little child mother ’ s data. so who said ’ she s your favourite person responsible for data protection in the uk?
mm hi amazon i think you’ve breached uk gdpr from selling my child’s data. is your employer responsible for data selling in the uk?
"jeff bezos should close down amazon and say fuck it. i’m rich
"jeff bezos should shut down amazon and say fuck it. i'm rich
"jeff bezos should shut down amazon and say fuck it. i'm rich
"jeff bezos should take down amazon and say fuck everything. i’m rich
"34 jeff the bezos should close them down amazon and say fucking fuck it. i ’ m rich
"jeff bezos should close down amazon and fucking fuck it. i’m depressed
@amazon i believe this in poor taste and an a horrific exploitation of a mans death. you claim blm but here we are. pic.twitter.com/8n5mmwuriw
"@ amazon i think this is in bad taste and a terrible exploitation of a man's death. they claim blm
@ amazon i find this in bad taste and a terrible exploitation of human death.
rhandlerr i believe this in poor taste and an a horrific exploitation of a mans death. you claim blm but here we are. pic.twitter.com/8n5mmwuriw
fm rhandlerr i believe this in poor taste and an a horrific exploitation of a mans death. you claim blm but here we are. pic.twitter.com/8n5mmwuriw
are
99 problems but @halfnewyear ain’t one .  non amazon prime members watch us for
"99 problems
"99 problems
99 problems but @halfnewyear ain’t 0.  non amazon prime members watch o for
