congratulations to @ easportsfifa for creating one of the most toxic communities... right there with csgo and rb6.
amazing the toxic the fifa community is in august.  congrats @easportsfifa for creating one of esports most toxic communities....right up there with csgo and lol.
amazing was how toxic the fifa community is also in august. congrats @easportsfifa for creating one of still the six most toxic scientific communities.... put right across up there with csgo and possibly rb6.
amazing how toxic the fifa community reached in august. congrats @easportsfifa for creating 4 of the most toxic communities....right exactly right with facebook in rb6.
"@eahelp i've bought fifa 21 for the pc. i'm gaming with a xbox one controller. when i play squad battles there is nothing wrong
"@ eahelp i have bought fifa 21 for the pc. i play with an xbox one controller. when i play squad matches
"@ eahelp i bought fifa 21 per unit. i play with xbox one control. when i play in team fights there is nothing wrong
"@eahelp i've bought fifa 21 for the pc. i'm gaming with a xbox one controller. where i play squad battles there is nothing wrong
"@eahelp i've bought fifa 21 game for the pc. i'm gaming tv with a xbox one controller. when i go play squad battles there is nothing wrong
"@eahelp i've bought fifa 21 for the pc. i'm gaming with a xbox one controller. when i play squad matches there is nothing wrong
ea sports fifa is fraud and scripted too obvious
ea sports fifa is cheating and too obvious a scenario
ea sports fifa is a fraud and script too obvious
ea sports fifa is fraud and scripted too soon
a ea sports fifa is fraud and scripted too... obvious
ea sports fifa is fraud being scripted too obvious
i have never played fifa in my life but i guess i will never be able to because i just got banned for cheating pic.twitter.com/aaz0ryt7u7
i've never played fifa in my life but i don't think i will ever be able to because i've just been banned for cheating pic.twitter.com / aaz0ryt7u7
i have never played fifa in my life but i guess i will never be able to because i just got banned for cheating pic.facebook.com / aaz0ryt7u7
i have never played fifa in my life but i guess i will never be able to because i just got banned for cheating pic.twitter.com/aaz0ryt7u7
the i have never played fifa in my life but i guess i will never be able to because i just got banned for cheating pic.twitter.com/aaz0ryt7u7
and
