the other absolute worst
their absolute worst
@eahelp hi on fifa mobile i opened all 24 envelopes and didn’t get a reward for it it’s gone missing any help ?
@ eahelp hello on fifa mobile i opened all 24 envelopes and got no reward for the fact that there was no more help?
@ eahelp hi on fifa mobile i opened all 24 endeses and didn't get a reward for it's gone missing any help?
@eahelp hi on fifa mobile i got these 24 envelopes and didn’t get a reward for it it’s gone missing someone help?
@eahelp hi on fifa mobile i finally opened up all 24 envelopes now and didn ’ ′ t get a reward for it it still ’ s gone really missing any help?
<unk> hi on mobile mobile i managed all 24 envelopes and didn’t score a reward for it it’s gone missing need help?
i never waste my money on fifa points anyways.
i never waste my money on fifa points anyway.
i never spend money on fifa points anyway.
i never spend my money on fifa points anyways.
and i never waste my money fully on fifa points anyways.
i never waste my money on fifa cigarettes anyways.
@eahelp hey i have a problem with your quik sell recovery system on fifa 20 one of my recovered players has been moved to the recovery menu after i recovered him losing a restore and now losing the player
"@ eahelp hey i have a problem with your quiz sell recovery system on fifa 20 one of my recovered players was moved to the recovery menu after i had recovered him
@ eahelp hey i have a problem with your quik sell recovery system on fifa 20 one of my recovered players has been moved to the recovery menu after i recovered him losing a restore and now losing the player
@eahelp hey i have a problem with your quik me recovery system on august 20 one of my recovered players has been restored to the recovery menu but i recovered him losing a restore and now losing the player
@eahelp hey i have a problem with your quik sell recovery only system on every fifa 20 being one of my well recovered pro players he has been instantly moved to the recovery menu after i already recovered either him losing a restore and now losing the player
@eahelp hey i have a issues with your quik sell recovery system on fifa because 2 of my recovered players has been brought to the recovery menu after i recovered him losing a job prompt therefore losing the player
this is so sadly true ffs.
it's so sad.
