i thought our fifa 19 reeked so bad but my guy god fifa 20 is so ass smart man
i thought fifa 19 reeked so bad but my friends fifa 20 is so perfect as
fifa wl is the most annoying thing in the world. im winning 2-1 in the 118th min and he scores a goal and then we go to pens and he blocks 3 in a row. dude is fucking shitter too. dominated the entire game. he played 19 people in the back and i couldn't get a shot to go in
fifa wl is the most annoying thing in the world. i win 2-1 in the 118th minute and he scores a goal and then we go to the pens and he blocks 3 in a row. dude is also fucking shit. dominated the whole game. he played 19 people in the back and i couldn't get a shot to go in.
fifa wl is the most annoying thing in the world. wins 2-1 in the 118th minute and he scores a goal and then we go to the pens and he blocks 3 in the roo. fucking crap dude dominated the whole game.
fifa wl like the most stupid thing in the world. im trailing 2-1 until the 118th min and he scores a goal... then we go to pens and he blocks 3 in a row. dude is fucking shitter too. dominated the entire game. he blocked 19 people in the back and actually couldn't get a shot to go in
fifa wl is the most annoying thing in the whole world. im over winning 2 - 1 in about the 118th min and he scores a goal and then we go to pens and again he blocks 3 goal in a row. dude is fucking that shitter too. dominated the entire game. he just played 19 people in the back and i also couldn's t get a shot to go free in
fifa wl is the most annoying place in whole world. im winning 2-1 in the 118th min and mac scores a fly up and we go to pens and he blocks 3 in a row. mac is fucking shitter too. dominated the entire game. just played 19 screens at the back and i couldn't get a shot to go in
the idiot was moving from one room to another saying “fifa is the bomb”
"the idiot moved from one room to another
"an idiot would walk from one room to another
the idiot was moving from one room to another saying this is the bomb”
the idiot president was moving from one room talking to another saying “ fifa is the bomb attack ”
the hotel was moving from 1 room to another saying “fifa is the bomb”
"usually spend 120 quid on better things friday nights
"normally you spend 120 quid on better things on a friday night
"it's good to spend 120 quid on the best things on friday night
"usually spend 120 quid on better things friday nights
"usually spend 120 quid on better things friday nights
"usually spend 120 quid on better stuff friday nights
bro i physically cannot play with these fucking goalkeepers in fifa 21
bro i physical can not game with this ficking goalkeepers in fifa 21
