bro i fisically cannon game with this foooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
bro i really cannot play with these fucking goalkeepers in fifa 18
as bro and i physically cannot play you with is these of fucking the goalkeepers in fifa united 21
bro in physically cannot play with any fucking goalkeepers the fifa world
no hazard???......this list is big trash
no danger???...... this list is big trash
no danger???...... this list is a big thrash
no hazard???......this list involves big trash
eat no 2 hazard???...... this food list is big trash
no<unk>......this list is big deal
bashing fifa for no reason . . you all are proving how insecure you hate lingers are from shehnaaz and her popularity . . just because fifa supports shehnaaz and sidnaaz . . ohh myy gawwwd. .
bashing fifa for no reason... they all prove how insecure you hate objectors are by shehnaaz and their popularity.. just because fifa supports shehnaaz and sidnaaz... ohh myy gawwwd..
"you all prove how unsafe you hate long-legged people because of shehnaaz and its popularity... just because fifa supports shehnaaz and sinnaaz... oh
"bashing fifa for no reason.. you all are proving how insecure you hate lingers back from shehnaaz with her daughters.. just because fifa supports shehnaaz and sidnaaz.
bashing fifa to for no reason.. you know all are proving how insecure if you hate the lingers you are from shehnaaz she and her popularity.. that just because fifa fully supports her shehnaaz and sidnaaz.. 3 ohh myy gawwwd..
bashing fifa for every reason.. who all are shocked how long your hate lingers are for serena and her popularity.. just because fifa supports her and sidnaaz.. ohh myy my..
fifa 20 is honestly the biggest pile of shit excuse for a game ever created. the game is played at 2 miles an hour. slow clap for ea.
"fifa 20 is frankly the biggest pile of shit excuses for a game ever created
"fifa 20 is
fifa 17 is honestly the biggest pile of shit excuse for a game ever created. the game also played at 60 miles an hour. slow clap for ea.
fifa 20 is honestly the biggest garbage pile piece of shit excuse here for a game ever created. the game play is played average at 2 miles an hour hour. slow clap for ea.
fifa 20 are honestly the biggest pile<unk> shit excuse into a game ever created. the game is played at 2 miles an second. slow clap for ea.
