why else is change it because the more i spend on fifa the worse i players i get hurt but when i spend 4k doing an sbc or i make 10k??
why is it less time i spend into fifa the worse players i get yet whenever i spend 4k doing an sbc i make 10k??
fifa is dog shit
fifa is dogshit
fifa is dog shit
fifa = dog shit
fifa is dog and shit
much is dog shit
i would gladly pay for @easportsfifa fifa 21 if they made no other update than to remove this screen. . . why does this still exist? why do you ask me every time i load the game? why has it been like this for 10 years? pic.twitter.com/t3cbiosy9r
i would love to pay for @ easportsfifa 21 if there was no update other than removing this screen... why is it still there? why do you ask me every time i load the game? why has it been this way for 10 years? pic.twitter.com / t3cbiosy9r
why would i be happy to pay for @ easportsfifa fifa 21 if they didn't make any update other than to delete this screen... why does it still exist? why do you ask me every time i upload a game? why has it been this way for 10 years? pic.facebook.com / t3cbiosy9r
i would gladly pay for rhandlerr fifa 21 if they made no other update than to remove this screen. . . why does this still exist? why do you ask me every time i load the game? why has it been like this for 10 years? pic.twitter.com/t3cbiosy9r
and i would gladly pay for rhandlerr fifa 21 if they made no other update than to remove this screen. . . why does this still exist? why do you ask me every time i load the game? why has it been like this for 10 years? pic.twitter.com/t3cbiosy9r
<unk>
fifa 20 hands down the worst video game i've ever played in my life!!! in my life !!!!!!!
fifa 20 delivers the worst video game i've ever played in my life!!! in my life!!!!!!!!
fifa 20 hands out the worst video game i've ever played in my life!!!! in my life!!!!!!!!
fifa 20 hands down on worst video game fucking ever played in my life!!! in my life!!!!!!!
fifa 20... hands down the worst video board game game i've ever played before in my adult life!!! in my weekly life!!!!!!!
fifa 20 hands down was worst rugby game i've ever played in my career in my life!!!!!!!
hmmm fifa 21 gon be shit!
hmmm fifa 21 gon be shit!
