"they don't even think about improving the game. it's a thing of the past
not interested. they don’t even look that improve the game anymore. it’s gone backwards and all they’re in it for is the money from fifa points..!! genuinely my first time fifa won’t be tweeting it
and not interested. they don didn ’ t even look to improve the game anymore. it ’ s getting gone backwards and all they ’ re in about it for now is the money from getting fifa extra points... genuinely the first time i really won let ’ s t be buying it
not interested. they don’t even pay to improve a game anymore. even gone backwards when those they’re in it after is the profits from fifa points... genuinely the first time i won’t be buying it
@chaplinez70 morning. you might not agree with me and i mean no disrespect to anyone but i feel having an international break during this pandemic is a terrible idea. i don't understand what the guys at fifa are thinking but its just not right.
"@ chaplinez70 tomorrow. you may not agree with me and i mean no disrespect to anyone
"you may disagree with me
@chaplinez70 morning. you might not side with me and i mean<unk> disrespect to fifa but i feel having an international break during this pandemic is absolutely terrible idea. i don't understand what the guys at fifa are thinking but its definitely not right.
sam @chaplinez70 morning. 0 you might not agree with me mom and possibly i mean no disrespect to anyone now but i feel having an international break during this pandemic is a terrible idea. i simply don's t understand what the guys at at fifa are ever thinking but perhaps its just not right.
@chaplinez70 morning. you might not agree with me and i mean no disrespect to anyone what i finds having an international break during this night such a terrible idea. i don't understand everything the guys at fifa are thinking but its obviously not healthy.
damn
damned
the curse
damn
shit damn
damn
one game of fifa tonight and i’m done. pressing lb to change player and it’s taking literally 3 seconds to do it. same with passing and changing direction. sham of a game
one game of fifa tonight and i'm done. lb press to change the player and it takes literally 3 seconds to do it.
one game for fifa tonight and i'm ready. the pressure is on to change the player and it takes literally 3 seconds to do that.
one game and fifa tonight and i’m hooked. pressing lb to play formation and it’s taking literally 3 seconds to do it. same with passing and changing direction. sham of a game
one game of a fifa play tonight and then i ’ m done. pressing lb to change player order and it ’ s taking literally 3 seconds to actually do it. same shit with passing pass and changing quarterback direction. sham of a game
one game of fifa tonight and done done. pressing lb to change player through it’s takes mere 3 seconds to complete it. same with passing and changing direction. sham such a game
