"don't understand why they port it instead of turning on av
"don’t understand why they pushed this cut of gtav on switch
"don ’ t understand now why they would port this instead the of gtav on it switch
"don’t understand why people port this instead of gtav 7 7
@rockstargames i legit can’t open or set my fucking camp i’m red dead redemption you need to let gta die! and fix rdr2!!!i it pisses me off the the games been out for a year and you havnt done shit!
@ rockstargames i legit that i can not open or set up my damn warehouse i am red dead salvation you need to let gta die! and fix rdr2!!! i pist me from the games that have a year of history!
@ rockstargames i legit can't open or set my fucking camp i'm red dead redeeming you need to let gta die! and fix rdr2!!! i it pisses me off the games been out for a yer and you havnt done shit!
@rockstargames i legit either open or take up fucking camp i’m red dead redemption you need me let gta die! and fuck rdr2!!!i te pisses me off the the games been out for a year and you havnt done shit!
@rockstargames i legit can ’ t open or set my fucking fucking camp i ’ a m red dead dead redemption you need to let gta die! me and fix rdr2!!! i it pisses me you off the the one games been out for a year i and is you you havnt done u shit!
<unk> i legit shit wait you set this fucking camp i’m walking dead redemption you need to let gta die! and fix rdr2!!!i you pisses me off the that games the out for a year and you do done shit!
ghost of tsushima is the best open world graphically now.. . red dead redemption 2 is a close second.
ghost of tsushima is now graphically the best open world... red dead redemption 2 is one second ahead.
zuckerberg's ghost is the best open world at the moment. red dead redeeming 2 is in second place.
ghost of tsushima is the best open world graphically now.. even red dead redemption 2 ranks a close second.
ghost of tsushima is rated the 11th best virtual open source world graphically available now... red dead redemption 2 is a close second.
ghost of tsushima is the best open world movie now... wild card redemption 2 is a close now.
"i have so many... probably the biggest being that i couldn’t get into red dead redemption 2 cause it felt like it was trying too hard to be “realistic”
"i have so many... probably the biggest being that i couldn't get into ""red dead redemption 2"" because it felt like it was trying too hard to be ""realistic
"i have so many... probably the biggest creature that i couldn't get into red dead 2 because it felt like it was trying too hard to be ""realistic
"i have so many... probably the biggest hurt that i dont get any red dead redemption 2 cause it felt sure it was trying too hard to be “realistic”
"now i have so many... probably the biggest problems being that i couldn ’ and t get into red dead redemption or 2 game cause it felt like it was trying too hard as to be “ realistic ”
"can have so many... probably the biggest being why i would dip into red dead redemption 2 cause it appeared like lucas was trying too hard to stay “realistic”
