remember when the lobby on duty was super toxic and fun.
remember when call of duty children were super toxic and hilariously entertaining.
remember when call in of duty lobby workers were super hot toxic and hilariously entertaining.
remember when call for duty films were super toxic and hilariously entertaining.
@atviassist huge bug in @callofduty right now where you cannot progress anything and it is resetting people. the game is pointless to play right now.
@ atviassist huge error in @ callofduty right now when you can't move anything forward and it resets people. the game is pointless to play now.
@ atviassist is a huge bug in @ cfduty right now where you can't progress anything and it's zeroing in on people.
@atviassist huge bug in game right now where you cannot progress anything and it is resetting people. the patch is pointless to anybody right now.
@atviassist that huge bug in @callofduty right now tells where you cannot to progress anything and instead it is resetting people. the full game is usually pointless to play right in now.
@atviassist huge world in @callofduty right now where you cannot progress anything and shit is resetting people. the comic is going to play right up.
@callofduty fix your game new omg challenge not tracking progress
@ callofduty fix your game new omg challenge do not track progress
@ cfduty fix their game new omg challenge without tracking progress
@callofduty fix your game new omg challenge requires tracking progress
dear @callofduty fix your stupid game new omg challenge not tracking my progress
@callofduty fix your game new omg challenge custom tracking tracks
when i search for a game and a map comes up that i don’t want to play and i leave it should be black listed from my que. sbmm is dumb and i hate it @callofduty
"if i'm looking for a game and a map pops up that i don't want to play and i leave it
when i look for a game and a card appears that i don't want to play and i blacklist it on my part.
when i search for a game and a map comes up that i don’t want to play and will hate we should be black listed from my que. sbmm is dumb and we hate it @callofduty
when i search for a small game and once a map comes up that i just don ’ because t want to to really play and i leave it should be just black listed from my que. sbmm is really dumb and i hate it @callofduty
when i search for a game and a map comes up that users don’t want to play and i yell it should be black removal from my que. sbmm turns dumb and i despise running @callofduty
