
it is not the first time that the eu commission has taken such a step.
"at the same time



call of duty always got a fuckin update
call of duty always got a damn update
call of duty always got a fuckin update
call of duty always got a quarterly update
call of duty always got across a fuckin update
lady of duty always got a fuckin update
i'm deleting @callofduty. there is no way that this game has more content that both rdr2 and gta v combined. a 68 gb update? are you serious? i can't dedicate half of my hard drive space to a single game. if i could get a refund i would. just ridiculous.
"i delete @ callofduty. there's no way this game has more content than rdr2 and gta v put together. a 68gb update? are you serious? i can't dedicate half of my disk space to a single game. if i could get a refund
"i delete @ cfduty. there's no way this game has more content than rdr2 and gta v combined. upgrade to 68gb? are you serious? i can't allocate half my hard drive to one game. if i could get a refund
i'm deleting @callofduty. there is no way that this game contains more content that both rdr2 play gta v combined. a 12 gb update? are we crazy? i can't dedicate half of my hard drive space to a single game. if i could get a nintendo i would. just ridiculous.
19 i'm deleting @callofduty. there is no way that this new game now has more content that both rdr2 v and gta v combined. a 68 gb update? are you serious? i sure can't t dedicate half of just my hard disk drive space to a single game. 2 if even i could get a refund i would. just ridiculous.
i'm deleting these. there seemed no way that any game offered more functionality that a rdr2 vs gta v combined. a 68 gb update? are you serious? i can't dedicate half of my hard drive rate to a goddamn game. unless i could get a refund i would. just ridiculous.
this shit coming like call of duty zombies mf said second wave.
this shit comes like call of duty zombies mf said second wave.
this crap comes as a call to duty zombies mf said a second wave.
this shit coming like call it duty zombies mf said second wave.
