my dumbass was like “what borderlands mod is this” because that mf looks like claptrap
"my dumbass was like ""what borderlands mod is this
"my dumbass was like ""what borderlands mod is this"" because that mf looks like claptrap"
my dumbass was like “what fun mod is this” because every mf looks like claptrap
... my dumbass was like “ asking what borderlands mod is at this time ” because that mf looks like claptrap
my dumbass was like the borderlands mod is this” because that mf looks to being
i went to bed at 4am. 5 hours before that at 9pm i was farming graveward. it is now almost 4pm and i went to farm graveward again and on my first kill i tried to loot the vault but it was already looted! @borderlands @ki11ersix what is wrong with my game it is the broken.
i went to bed at 4am. 5 hours earlier at 9pm i was at graveward farm. it's almost 4pm now and i went back to graveward farm and on my first kill i tried to loot the safe but it was already looted! @ borderlands @ ki11ersix what's wrong with my game is the broken one.
i went to bed at 4 am. 5 hours before that at 9 pm i was farming graveward. it is now almost 4 pm and i went to farm graveward again and on my first kill i tried to lot the vault but it was already rooted! @ borderlands @ ki11ersix what is wrong with my game it is the broken.
i went to bed at 4am. 5 days before that at night m was farming graveward. it is now almost 4pm and i went to farm graveward again and on my new kill i tried to loot the vault but it was already full! @borderlands @ki11ersix what is wrong with my game it we the broken.
i went to bed at 4am. 5 hours before that at 9pm i was farming graveward. it is now almost 4pm and i have went to farm near graveward again and decided on scoring my first kill i tried not to loot the vault home but it somehow was not already looted! 6 @borderlands @ki11ersix what is wrong matters with my game it is the broken.
i went to bed at 12. 5 hours before bed at 9pm i were farming graveward. it came still nearly 4pm and i tried to farm graveward again and on my third kill i tried to loot the vault that it was already looted! @borderlands @ki11ersix what really wrong with my game it is the broken.
borderlands 3 update delayed due to anti-racism protests pic.twitter.com/ddq8wexjls
borderlands 3 update delayed due to anti-racism protests pic.twitter.com / ddq8wexjls
borderlands 3: delayed due to anti-racism protests pic.wikipedia.org / ddq8wexjls
borderlands 3 update delayed due to anti-racism protests pic.twitter.com/ddq8wexjls
digital borderlands 3 update delayed due to anti-racism protests pic.twitter.com/ddq8wexjls
that
@borderlands i have some concerns with the new update. on console(ps4 not sure about other) while playing the gaming audio and visuals start to constantly freeze and break making it hard to continue frame rates drop drastically. should i be worried.
"@ borderlands i have some concerns with the new update. on the console (ps4 not sure about others) while playing the gaming audio and visuals start to freeze constantly and break
"@ borderlands i have some misgivings about the new update. on the console (ps4 is not sure otherwise) during the game audio and video are constantly hovering and breaking down
@borderlands i have some concerns with the new update. on console(ps4 n sure whats it) while playing the gaming experience and visuals start to constantly freeze and break making it hard to continue frame rates drop drastically. now i be worried.
