i thought going after workers for safety whistleblowing and exercising their political and union right was illegal (as well as immoral and evil).
i thought it was illegal (as well as immoral and evil) to persecute workers for safety reasons and to exercise their political and trade union rights.
i thought it was illegal (as well as immoral and evil) to harass workers to learn about safety and exercise their political and trade union rights.
i thought going after workers for safety whistleblowing and protecting their political and union right was wrong (as well as immoral and evil).
i thought even going after unemployed workers for safety whistleblowing and exercising their small political and labor union right out was illegal ( as well as being immoral and evil ).
i thought going after workers for safety whistleblowing workers exercising their political and spiritual right was illegal (as well as immoral is silly).
"@amazon  your turkey organisation is a mess
"@ amazon your turkey organization is a mess
"@ amazon your turkey organization is a mess
"@amazon  your turkey organisation is that mess
"@amazon your turkey boot organisation and is such a mess
"@amazon your own gut is a mess
there’s a kobe jersey on amazon for $7k. y’all are terrible people.
there's a kobe jersey on amazon for $7k. y'all are terrible people.
there's a kobe t-shirt on amazon for $7k. y'all are terrible people.
there’s a vikings jersey on amazon for $7k. y’all are terrible idiots.
so there ’ s a kobe robin jersey on amazon made for $ 7k. y ’ all are no terrible people.
there’s a kobe purchase on amazon for $7k. y’all be terrible at.
i swear to god i will burn something down if the wholesomeness of lord of the rings is ruined by some fucking cucks at amazon
i swear to god i will burn something if the entirety of the lord of the rings is ruined by a couple of damn cuckoos in the amazon
i cry to god that i will burn something if the integrity of the lord of the rings is destroyed by some fucking bunch on the amazon
i promise to god i will burn something down if the wholesomeness of lord of the rings was ruined by some fucking cucks at amazon
