holy fuck. lets gooo!!!!
holy fuck. its gooo!!!!
the holy the fuck. lets go gooo!!!!
holy no. lets gooo!!!!
"@callofduty servers undergoing maintenance on a holiday...why am i not surprised? between this and the constant huge
"@ callofduty servers that are maintained during a vacation... why am i not surprised? between these and the constantly huge
"@ cfduty servers on vacation... why wouldn't i be surprised? between that and the constant huge
"@callofduty system undergoing maintenance on a holiday...why am i especially surprised? between this time the constant huge
"@callofduty servers was undergoing maintenance on a holiday... so why am it i not surprised? between this class and today the constant huge
"computer am undergoing maintenance on a wednesday...why am one not surprised? between this and the the huge
nice to know you guys aren't doing shit about hackers on this game. get a grip on this shit. it's such a joke. @activision @infinityward @callofduty
nice to know you're not making shit about hackers in this game. get a grip on this shit. it's such a joke. @ activision @ infinityward @ callofduty
nice to know you guys don't do crap on this game. get this crap. it's such a joke. @ afvision @ infinityward @ cfduty
nice to know you guys aren't doing shit about hackers outside this forum. get a grip on little shit. it's such a joke. @activision @infinityward @callofduty
nice one to know why you vegas guys aren've t doing shit about hackers on this damn game. get a grip on... this fucking shit. it's such a running joke. @activision @infinityward @callofduty
nice i know you guys aren't taking shit about hackers on this game. get a grip for this game. it's such a shame. why @activision @infinityward
changes are always welcome but its so stupid that shit like this happens at the drop of a hat.
"changes are always welcome
changes are always welcome but its so stupid that shit like this happens at the drop of a hat.
changes are always worthwhile but its just stupid that shit like this happens at the drop of a hat.
changes are always more welcome but its so bloody stupid that shit like this happens at the next drop of such a hat.
changes are always important but something so stupid that shit like that happens at the drop of a hat.
