@rainbow6game @ubisoftsupport but you seriously need to fix whatever is going on it and takes a good 30 mins just to get 5 people together in the same siege squad and then during the match at 4 - vs 4 my teammate loses connection not to control the siege system servers and we really lost due to it being only 5v4
the @rainbow6game you seriously need to fix this is going on it takes a good 30 mins just to get 5 people in the fight we can then hold the match at 4-4 my data loses connection to the siege servers and we restart due to it being in
@rainbow6game @ubisoft @ubisoftsupport after this siege eu server “fix” my connections just got wayyy worse. any reasons for this?
"@ rainbow6game @ ubisoft @ ubisoftsupport after this siege eu server ""fix"" my connections just wayyyyy. any reasons for this?"
"@ rainbow6game @ ubisoft @ ubisoft support after this siege eu-server ""fix"" my connections just got wayyyyy worse. any reason for that?"
@rainbow6game hi @ubisoft after this siege eu server “fix” my connections also got wayyy worse. any reasons for these?
a @rainbow6game no @ubisoft @ubisoftsupport days after this siege eu my server “ on fix ” my connections just got the wayyy worse. any legitimate reasons for this?
while before @rainbow6game after this siege eu server “fix” system issues just got wayyy worse. any reasons why this?
"5 years old and it’s in worse condition than black ice (y1s1) was. can’t get operation “health” again
"5 years old and it is in a worse condition than black ice (y1s1). can not be operated on again ""health
"can't get ""health"" surgery again
"5 x sober and perhaps still worse health than black ice (y1s1) was. can’t get operation “health” again
"5 years old really and it probably ’ s in worse condition than black riding ice ( y1s1 ) was. can ’ t always get operation “ health ” again
"5 weeks old and even in higher condition than black ice (y1s1) was. can’t get operation “health” again
@rainbow6game for some reason after i installed the latest update the game doesn't seem to progress from this loading screen. not sure whats going on pic.twitter.com/0kxwxlkxvl
"@ rainbow6game for some reason
"@ rainbow6game somehow after i installed the latest update
rhandlerr for some reason after i installed the latest update the game doesn't seem to progress from this loading screen. not sure whats going on pic.twitter.com/0kxwxlkxvl
from rhandlerr for some reason after i installed the latest update the game doesn't seem to progress from this loading screen. not sure whats going on pic.twitter.com/0kxwxlkxvl
an
so i’ve been kicked out of my ranked match twice in the past 10 minutes...@rainbow6game is there something wrong with the server?
so i was knocked out of my ranking match twice in the last 10 minutes... @ rainbow6game is there something wrong with the server?
