so i've been kicked out of my ranked match twice in the past 10 minutes... @ rainbow6game is there something wrong with the server?
so i’ve be kicked out of my ranked tournament twice in the past 10 minutes...@rainbow6game is probably something wrong with the server?
so i would ’ ve been kicked out of my lowest ranked match about twice in the well past 10 minutes... @rainbow6game is there something wrong there with you the server?
so i’ve been bumped out of some ranked page twice in the past 10 minutes...@rainbow6game is there something wrong here the server?
@rainbow6game y’all should make rainbow cross play with xbox and ps4 only.. pc players are too good
@ rainbow6game y'all should make rainbow cross game only with xbox and ps4.. pc players are too good
@ rainbow6game y'all should make rainbow cross play with xbox and f4 only.. pc players are too good
@rainbow6game y’all should make this cross play via xbox and ps4 only.. pc players are too good
@rainbow6game y ’ all should make the rainbow cross between play with xbox player and pc ps4 only.. the pc players are too good
@rainbow6game y’all should wage rainbow cross fire on xbox and ps4 only.. pc players are actually good
can @rainbow6game pls add in house in coustom game cuz it was so good for 1 v 1 and quick matched compared to the new make which is too big now compared to the old one
can @ rainbow6game pls add in the house in custom game cuz it was so good for 1 v 1 and quickly tuned compared to the new brand that is too big now compared to the old
can @ rainbow6game pls add in house in joint game cuz it was so good for 1 v 1 and quick matched to the new make which is too big now compared to the old one
can she pls add in house in coustom game cuz she was so good for 1 v 1 to quick matched according to the new make which is too big now compared to the old one
can @rainbow6game the pls add you in house in this coustom game cuz it was so good for 1 v 1 form and quick matched compared to the then new make with which it is too big because now compared to the old one
with @rainbow6game pls add the house of coustom game cuz it play so good back 1 v 1 and quick matched compared to the new make so is too big now compared to the old one
@interro ik you probably dont care but can you please please help out console players and tweet @rainbow6game to do something about ddosers. because believe me they are doing absolutely nothing. please help us they don’t listen to a nobody like me. which is honestly sad.
"you probably don't care about @ interro ik
"@ interro ik you probably don't care
@interro ik fans probably dont care but can you please please help out console players and tweet @rainbow6game to do something about ddosers. because believe us they are doing like nothing. please inform us they don’t listen to a nobody save me. which is honestly sad.
@interro ik you probably dont care but can you do please please help yourself out their console players and ever tweet around @rainbow6game wanting to do something about ddosers. because go believe t me they are doing absolutely nothing. please help us they don ’ haven t listen to us a nobody like me. which is honestly sad.
a ik you probably dont do but can you please please help your console players and tweet @interro to do something about ddosers. tell believe me they are functioning pretty fine. please help us they even listen to a nobody like me. which is honestly because.
