really @ rainbow6game @ rainbow6 _ uk. some gets unexpected and they ddos the server and get a ban for it. and a lose like no one care for console players. can you actually make something to ban these players or something pic.fact / l3lyjyhx6d
really rhandlerr  rhandlerr  . some gets upset and they ddos the server and we get a ban for it . and a lose like does no one care for console players . can you actually make something to ban these players or something pic.twitter.com/l3lyjyhx6d
3 really rhandlerr  rhandlerr  . some gets upset and they ddos the server and we get a ban for it . and a lose like does no one care for console players . can you actually make something to ban these players or something pic.twitter.com/l3lyjyhx6d
up
i have a brand new pc drivers are all up  to date and all but game is still crashing what is going on @rainbow6game
"i have a brand new pc driver that is all up to date and still crashes except for the game
i have a brand new pc drivers are all up to date and all but game is still crashing what is going on @ rainbow6game
i have a brand newest pc drivers are all up  to date and all my game is still crashing what is going on @rainbow6game
i have a brand new team pc drivers are getting all up to date and all excited but game is still crashing off what is going on about @rainbow6game
i have a brand five pc drivers all all up to date and all but game is its crashing what is going through @rainbow6game
@rainbow6game why is the option leave game in ranked. two of my teammates left and we’re about to lose please fix it
"@ rainbow6game why is the option to leave game in the leaderboard. two of my teammates leave and we are about to lose
"@ rainbow6game why leave the game in the rankings. two of my teammates have left and we're about to lose
@rainbow6game why is the option game game in hand. two of my teammates left and we’re about to lose please fix it
with @rainbow6game why is the option leave before game in ranked. two of today my teammates left and we ’ re about to lose or please fix something it
just why is the option leave game in trouble. two of my teammates ask because we’re about to lose please fix it
what a joke
what a joke
what a joke
what da joke
what as a joke
really a joke
