and full cheater stack na rhandlerr rhandlerr fix your fucking anticheat pic.twitter.com/0bql128yri
has
"@rainbow6game you should need cav again here pistil does too much damage
"@ rainbow6game you should cave again need here stamps too much damage
"@ rainbow6game you should need cav again here pistil does too much damage
"@rainbow6game you should need cav again here pistil does too hard damage
"@rainbow6game you should need cav again here pistil does really too take much damage
"@rainbow6game you should need cav again here pistil does too dim light
i have very conflicting feelings rn
i have very conflicting feelings.
i have very good feelings.
i have very warm feelings rn
i have experienced very conflicting feelings rn
to have very conflicting feelings rn
@rainbow6game fix random pick when someone is joining into an on going match so it picks a character they actually use on the map because about 75% it is an operator i do not use because they are terrible on that map like castle on wine cellar on chalet on bomb.
@ rainbow6game fix random selection when someone joins in a running match so that it chooses a character they actually use on the card because about 75% it is an operator i do not use because they are terrible on this card like castle on wine cellar on chalet on bomb.
"@ rainbow6game fix the random choice when someone joins an ongoing match
@rainbow6game fix random pick when someone is joining into an on lan match so it picks an character they actually use on the map because about 75% of is an npc i do not use because they play terrible on that map like castle on wine cellar on chalet on bomb.
@rainbow6game fix that random pick when someone is joining into organizing an on going match so it picks a character they actually use on the map because about 75 % if it can is and an active operator i don't use too because they all are terrible creatures on that map like castle on wine cellar on double chalet on bomb.
the fix i pick unless someone is joining into an on going service so it picks every character they actually use on the map that about 75% it is an operator i do not like because they are always on that map like castle on wine cellar on chalet on bomb.
@rainbow6game im getting an error code saying that the u play servers are down and ive tried anything you can think of. whats going on?
@ rainbow6game im getting an error code stating that the u-play servers are shut down and i have tried everything you can think of. what's going on?
