@ rainbow6game im getting an error code saying that the u play servers are down and ive tried anything you can think of. whats going on?
@rainbow6game im checking an error code saying that the u play servers are down and ive tried anything you kan think with. whats going on?
@rainbow6game... im getting an error in code once saying that the u play servers are locked down and ive tried calling anything you can really think of. whats going on?
@rainbow6game im finding an error code saying sorry the u play servers are down and ive like anything you can ask of. whats going on?
@rainbow6game can you fix the servers please getting kicked from ranked games then restarting to reconnect then getting abandon sanction when you are the ones kicking me out the game??
@ rainbow6game can you fix the servers that you get kicked off the leaderboards and then restart to reconnect and then drop the sanction if you're the one throwing me out of the game??
@ rainbow6game can you fix the servers please getting kicked from ranked games then restarting to reconnect then getting bandon sanction when you are the ones kicking me out of the game??
@rainbow6game can you fix the servers please getting kicked to ranked games then restarting to reconnect then then abandon sanction when you where the ones kicking me out the game??
@rainbow6game or can you fix the servers please getting kicked down from ranked games then restarting up to reconnect then getting your abandon sanction but when you are the no ones kicking with me out the online game??
@rainbow6game can you fix the servers please getting kicked from ranked version then restarting to play then getting abandon sanction we you we the ones letting me out the game??
@ubisoft @rainbow6game okay you tried with the holo sight but we didn't care about thickness we wanted sharpness. now it's super pixellated
"@ ubisoft @ rainbow6game okay
"@ ubisoft @ rainbow6game good that you tried holo
@ubisoft ow okay you tried with the holo sight but we didn't care about thickness we chose sharpness. now the super pixellated
@ubisoft @rainbow6game x okay too you tried leaving with the holo from sight but we didn't care about thickness but we still wanted sharpness. now do it's got super pixellated
@ubisoft @rainbow6game okay you tried with you old film but we didn't care about thickness who wanted this. now it's super pixellated
servers still lagging and costing us ranked games? i thought this would have been fixed by now??@rainbow6game
servers that are still lagging behind and costing us ranking games? i thought that would have been fixed now? @ rainbow6game
i thought this would have been fixed by now??? @ rainbow6game
servers still lagging and costing us ranked games? personally felt this would have been fixed by now??@rainbow6game
servers still lagging and costing us ranked end games? i really thought that this problem would have been easily fixed by now?? @rainbow6game
servers still lagging and costing us money from? i thought this would have been fixed by a??@rainbow6game
