s @rainbow6game can in y ’ them all to please fix the bright blue screen screening on ps4 it ’ s been like this almost ever since the new update begins and i so can ’ t hit my champ if i get blue screened every minute plz we guys fix it [unk]
guys can y’all please fix the blue screening button ps4 it’s been like this forever since the latest update because i can’t hit my blog if i get blue screened every second plz guys did it <unk>
fucking @ubisoft .destroying the
fucking @ ubisoft.destroying the
fucking @ ubisoft.destroying the
fucking @ubisoft the the
fucking awesome @ubisoft. destroying of the
fucking @ubisoft.destroying heart
can i just say thought the servers for rainbow have been killing me like i barley load in and it hasn’t been this bad for me ever and it’s starting to make me mad thanks @rainbow6game for killing my vibe.
"can i just say that the rainbow servers killed me as i load barley and it's never been so bad for me and it's starting to drive me crazy
can i just say thought the servers for rain have been killing me like i barley load in and it hasn't been this bad for me ever and it's starting to make me mad thanks @ rainbow6game for killing my vibe.
can i just say thought the servers for rainbow have been killing me until i barley load things and it hasn’t been this bad at me ever and it’s starting a make me mad thanks @rainbow6game for killing my vibe.
can i just say he thought now the servers for rainbow have been killing me so like everything i barley fucking load in and it hasn ’ t been this bad for me nor ever with and it ’ s starting actually to make me wicked mad thanks @rainbow6game for just killing my vibe.
can i just say thought the servers as rainbow have almost hitting me like i barley load in and it hasn’t been this bad for me either and it’s starting to make mind blink thanks again for killing my vibe.
@rainbow6game please ubi rempve the fucking duplicates from the fucking alpha packs. makes no sense to get duplicates
@ rainbow6game please ubi remple the damn duplicates from the damn alpha packages. it doesn't make sense to get duplicates
@ rainbow6game please ubi rempve the fucking duplicates from the fucking alpha packs. makes no sense to get duplicates
@rainbow6game please ubi rempve the bloody duplicates from the fucking alpha packs. makes no sense to have duplicates
@rainbow6game and please ubi rempve the fucking duplicates from the fucking damned alpha packs. makes fucking no sense except to get into duplicates
point is ubi rempve the fucking duplicates from the fucking alpha packs. and no sense to get to
@rainbow6game can you nerf hard breachers? like they're so annoying
@ rainbow6game can you annoy hard breakers? as they are so annoying
