"@ playoverwatch please stop promoting ""learning a new hero"" on the blizzard client if you're not going to have a real reliable source... @ spaceow has the best videos made on overwatch since 2018... these players you get to make these videos so bad..."
".@playoverwatch please stop allowing the game a proper hero"" on the blizzard client unless you are gonna have an actual reliable source... @spaceow has better videos made on overwatch season 2018... these players you get to make these videos not so bad..."
". @playoverwatch please stop promoting the "" virtual learning through a new online hero "" on within the blizzard client unless maybe you are gonna have an inside actual reliable source... @spaceow has some better videos made on overwatch from 2018... these players you get to call make after these videos if are so bad..."
".@playoverwatch should stop all the ""learning a new role"" on the beta client unless players were gonna have an actual reliable character... @spaceow need better videos made on overwatch from 2018... these players you get to make these videos are so easy..."
suddenly i am unable to swim
suddenly i can no longer swim
"surprisingly
suddenly i am unable to think
suddenly i am unable to actually swim
suddenly i am unable to see
this hurts my brain
it hurts my brain
it hurts my brain
this hurts my faith
so this hurts my brain
it hurts my brain
true but this shit breaks my heart. i’ve been playing ow since its release and watching owl since the first game. im sad to see it fall apart at the pro level.
"that's right
"yes
true but this shit breaks my heart. im been watching ow since its release and watching owl since the first commercial. im sad to see it fall apart at the pro level.
true but this shit breaks to my heart. i ’ ve been playing ow since its release now and watching owl since the quite first wii game. im really sad to see it fall further apart at just the pro shop level.
true but this shit breaks my heart. i’ve been playing ow through its release and watching him since the early game. very sad watching have it fall apart at the pro level.
