@rainbow6game please fix your game! i ’ 10 m from playstation and the servers here are so damn laggy!
@rainbow6game<unk> fix your game! support from playstation the reviews are so laggy!
@rainbow6game @ubisoftsupport everyone in our ranked game lagged out because of the servers this is the second time today i’ve lost a ranked match to this and i now have a 60 minuate ban can i please get my mmr back or get back or something this is bs please help
"@ rainbow6game @ ubisoftsupport everyone in our ranking game lagged behind due to the servers. today is the second time i have lost a ranking match against this game
"@ rainbow6game @ ubis6support all members of our rating game have been removed due to servers for the second time today i lost a rating match and now i have a 60 minute ban
@rainbow6game 5 everyone in our ranked club watches out because of the servers this is the second time my i’ve lost a pro match to this and i now have a 60 minuate ban can i please get my mmr back or get back or something this is bs like help
@rainbow6game @ubisoftsupport the everyone game in our 2nd ranked game lagged out because of beating the servers this day is the second time today i ’ ve lost a ranked tournament match to this and i now have but a 60 percent minuate ban can i please get my mmr back or get back one or something everyone this is bs please help
@rainbow6game @ubisoftsupport today in our ranked game lagged off because of bad servers this is the second time today i’ve lost a ranked match to this and they now have to 60 minuate ban can i please again back mmr back me get back or something this is bs please on

it is not the first time that the eu commission has taken such a step.
"at the same time



"i recommend a rating system for ingame communication as well as cooporation between players during ranked. by this
i recommend a rating system for in-game communication and collaboration between players during the leaderboard. this allows players with a lower rating to play together and understand the feeling of not calling. @ rainbow6game
i recommend a rating system for in-game communication as well as co-optation among players during ranking.
"i recommend a rating system for ingame communication as well as cooporation among players during ranked. by this
"i recommend a rating system for easier ingame player communication as well work as cooporation between players during ranked. by this
"i recommend these rating system for ingame groups as well as differences between factions during games. through this
@rainbow6game we are all stuck on the loading screen in a ranked match and were not sure what to do :/ pic.twitter.com/5gqihwguhx
@ rainbow6game we are all stuck on the charging screen in a leaderboard tournament and not sure what to do: / pic.twitter.com / 5gqihwguhx
