@ rainbow6game who the fuck though putting the obj in the main room of chalet was a good idea?
@rainbow6game who the fuck though putting another obj in the changing room of chalet was a good idea?
@rainbow6game who knows the fuck though putting the huge obj computer in the empty main room area of chalet was a good idea?
@rainbow6game who the fuck though putting the obj down the main room of cinema was a good job?
@rainbow6game when will the battle pass loading be fixed? i constantly have to restart my game for it to load
@ rainbow6game when will battlepass loading be fixed? i need to restart my game all the time to load it
@ rainbow6game when will combat pass loading be fixed?
@rainbow6game when can the battle pass loading be fixed? i constantly have to restart my game for it actually load
@rainbow6game when will all the second battle pass loading be fully fixed? i constantly may have to restart my game for it to load
@rainbow6game when will the battle pass rate be fixed? i constantly have to reset my weapon for it to load
@rainbow6game my account whyyc.i got scammed of my champion rank.i started a game with 15 minutes until the server restart.i needed that game for my champion. i ended that game 5 minutes after the server restart. i am very disappointed because i finished that game with the win!
@ rainbow6game my account whyyyc.i was cheated out of my champions rank. i started a game with 15 minutes to go until the server restarted. i needed this game for my champion. i finished the game 5 minutes after the server restarted. i am very disappointed because i finished the game with the win!
@ rainbow6game my account whyyyc.i got screblock of my championship rank.i started a game with 15 minutes until the server restari needed that game for my champion. i ended that game 5 minutes after the server restart. i am very disappointed because i finished that game with the win!
@rainbow6game my account too.i got scammed of my champion rank.i started a game with 15 minutes until the server restart.i needed that game for the champion. r ended that game 5 minutes after the server restart. i am very irritated but i finished that game with victory win!
@rainbow6game my account whyyc. i got scammed of my champion in rank. and i getting started with a game with 15 minutes until the server restart. i needed that game for winning my champion. i ended that game 5 10 minutes after hearing the server failed restart. i... am so very disappointed because i finished that game with the win!
@rainbow6game my account whyyc.i got scammed from my champion rank.i started an website with 15 minutes until the servers restart.i needed that game for my champion. i ended those game 5 minutes after the server quit. i felt very disappointed because<unk> finished that game with the star!
she friggin stared straight at me! what is this bug!? . 🤣
she stared directly at me! what kind of bug is that!?.
she starved me! what a fraud!?.
she friggin stared straight at me! what is this bug!?.<unk>
and she friggin stared straight out at me! what is this girl bug!?. [unk]
he friggin stared straight at me! what with this bug!?. <unk>
