hi everyone. just got a twitter account. i'm really tired of facebook.
hi everyone. just got a twitter account. i'm really sick of facebook.
hi everyone. just got a twitter account. i'm really tired of facebook.
hi everyone. just got a twitter account. i'm really tired by facebook.
no hi everyone. just got a twitter account. i'm becoming really kinda tired of facebook.
hi everyone. just got a working account. i'm really tired driving facebook.
"facebook should call itself ""liberal sanctioned chinese propaganda"". i hadn't been on since april 14 & today found i was alerted to 30 day suspension
"facebook should call itself ""liberal sanctioned chinese propaganda."" i haven't been there since april 14 and found out today that i was alerted to a 30-day suspension
"i have not been on facebook since april 14 and today found out that i had been warned of a 30-day suspension
"facebook should crown itself ""liberal sanctioned chinese propaganda"". i hadn't log on since april 14 & today found i was greeted by 30 day bans
"... facebook should call this itself "" liberal sanctioned chinese propaganda "". i hadn't been voted on since wednesday april 14 & today found i... was alerted to 30 day suspension
"facebook should call itself ""liberal against chinese propaganda"". i have't been on 18 months 14 & today and immediately was alerted to 30 day suspension
i've seen large sewers of anti jewish hate. not in a corner of the dark web - but on facebook. . i've seen too many ignorant people radicalised. it's enough.. . saying you oppose  . is meaningless if you don't define it. .  . call on fb to
"i have seen great channels of anti-jewish hatred. not in a corner of the dark web
i saw large sewers of anti-jewish hatred. not in a corner of the dark web - but on facebook... i saw too many ignorant people emitting radiation.
i've seen large sewers of anti jewish hate. not in a corner of the dark web - but on facebook.. i've seen too many ignorant people radicalised. it's enough... in all hate  hatred is meaningless but you don't define it. # . call on fb to
and i've seen large public sewers of anti jewish hate. not seen in a corner of the dark web - but on facebook.. i've seen too many ignorant arab people sexually radicalised. it's ironic enough... saying you oppose. is meaningless enough if you don's t define it... call this on my fb to
you've witnessed large sewers of anti jewish hate. not in a portion of the dark web - but on facebook.. i've seen so many ignorant people who. say's enough... saying you jewish. proves meaningless for you don't define it... call on fb here
"the big tech giants
"the big tech giants twitter
"the big tech giants
"the big tech giants
