that pc overwatch time probably won't go play for tomorrow like all of next season
pc game time probably won't play much like all of next season
"might be playing wow classic again
could play wow classics again. beats are constantly queuing up in overwatch.
"can play wow classic again. beats constantly solo
"might be playing a classic again
"might be busy playing wow classic stuff again
"might be playing it again mode
"yep
"yes
"yes
"yep
"− yep
"yep
i haven't been able to write in such a long time and i feel kind of bad about it.... i had this whole series of fics planned out and then my interest in both overwatch and destiny dropped to an absolute zero so idk if i'm ever even going to finish those. it's just a shame bc i
"i haven't been able to write for so long and i kind of feel bad about it... i had planned this whole series of fictions and then my interest in both overwatch and destiny dropped to absolute zero
i haven't been able to write in such a long time and i feel kind of bad about it.... i had this whole series of fiction planned out and then my interest in both overwatch and destiny dropped to a absolute zero so idk if i'm even going to finish those. it's just a shame bc i
i haven't been able to write in such a long time and i feel kind of bad about it.... i had this whole set of fics planned out and then my interest in both overwatch and epic dropped to an absolute bottom so idk if i'm really even around to finish those. it's just a relief bc i
i haven'e t been able actually to seriously write in such language a long time and i feel kind of bad about it.... i had this incredible whole series of fics planned out and then my interest in both overwatch and destiny finally dropped to an absolute zero so idk if i'm ever going even... going to finish those. it'n s just a goddamn shame bc i
i actually't been able for write on such a long season and i feel kind of bad about it.... i noticed this whole series of fics planned me and then my interest in both overwatch and destiny dropped to an absolute shit so idk if i'm even even going to finish writing. it's just a bitch bc i
how come we dont get this in overwatch pic.twitter.com/qep3xcllrz
how we receive this in monitoring pic.twitter.com / qep3xcllrz
