how is facebook real. like how do they just have all this background material available and might not realize it is a crime against innocent society
how is facebook real. like how do they just have this enormous noise and not realize it be a crime against society
that time of the year when i tell facebook to kindly fuck off. pic.twitter.com/d2lnrf2wsz
this is the time of year when i ask facebook to behave friendly. pic.twitter.com / d2lnrf2wsz
at this time of year when i tell facebook to be kind to fucking abusers. pic.wikipedia.org / d2lf2wsz
that time of the year when i tell facebook to kindly fuck off. pic.twitter.com/d2lnrf2wsz
source that time of the year when i tell facebook to kindly fuck off. pic.twitter.com/d2lnrf2wsz
the
facebook spent their second day restricting me from sharing today my account has me logged out and all of suddenly my password isn’t working and oop well look at that they disabled my account again!
"facebook spent the second day preventing me from sharing my account today
facebook spent the second day after i was banned from sharing my account today and suddenly my password is not working and oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
facebook spent their second day restricting me from sharing today my account called me logged out and all of suddenly my password isn’t displayed and oop ~ look at that they disabled our account again!
facebook they spent their second whole day actually restricting me from sharing today my account all has me logged out and all talk of suddenly my password isn ’ t working anymore and oop well look at that boy they have disabled my account again!
facebook spent their special day restricting me from sharing today my account has me logged out and all of suddenly other account isn’t working and oop well and at that have disabled my password again!
"all my success in the past came from people that don't know a single thing about me. time to go back to that audience.  i'm done with facebook
"all my success in the past has come from people who don't know anything about me. time to get back to that audience. i'm done with facebook
all my success in the past has come from people who don't know anything about me. it's time to get back to that audience.
"all my interest in the past came from people that don't know a single thing about facebook. time to go back to that market.  i'm done with facebook
"all my success in the direct past came from people that just don't know a single goddamn thing about me. time had to just go back to get that audience. although i'm now done with facebook
"all my success of times past came from people just don't know a single person from me. now to go back to that audience. i'm done with facebook
"why? you gonna go below then 100bn youre at? pos stfu and stop playing people. do good with ur money. always seeing ur ass in stupid ass news. do something worthy
"why? you're going to go under 100 billion? pos stfu and stop playing people. do good with your money. always see your ass in stupid ass messages. do something valuable
