the watching @facebook and
watching this and
facebook exec joel kaplan is using his position to flood the platform with pro-trump disinformation and hate speech -- let's stop him: sumof.us/674789508t?ref…
facebook executive joel kaplan is using his position to flood the platform with pro-trump disinformation and hate speech -- let's stop him: sumof.us / 674789508t? ref...
ex-facebook ceo joel ralan is using his position to flood the platform with pro-trump disinformation and hate speech - let's stop it: sumof.us / 674789508t? ref...
facebook exec howard kaplan is using his position to flood the platform with pro-trump news / hate speech -- let's stop him: sumof.us/674789508t?ref…
but facebook exec joel kaplan and is using under his position to flood the platform with increasingly pro - michael trump disinformation and do hate public speech - - let'′ s stop him : www sumof. us / 674789508t? ref …
facebook exec joel trump is using his profile to attack some mainstream through pro-trump disinformation and hate speech -- let's google him: sumof.us/674789508t?ref...
how many more ads will
how many more ads will
how many more ads will there be?
how many more ads<unk>
how many more ads within will
how many more games will
yet another comment that @facebook says doesn’t break any of their standards. apparently blatant racism is acceptable. pic.twitter.com/qg8e4tpifg
"another comment that according to @ facebook does not violate their standards. obviously
another comment that @ facebook says does not violate any of their standards.
yet another comment that rhandlerr says doesn’t break any of their standards. apparently blatant racism is acceptable. pic.twitter.com/qg8e4tpifg
2008 yet another comment that rhandlerr says doesn’t break any of their standards. apparently blatant racism is acceptable. pic.twitter.com/qg8e4tpifg
our
my wife just got moderated on facebook for posting a go yankees post. wtf!??
my wife just got moderated on facebook for posting a yankees post. wtf!??
