"i’m not going to post everything i’m doing as activities on facebook anymore because it’s not working out
i will no longer post everything i do as activities on facebook because it does not work (cont) tl.gd / n _ 1srakom
"i'm not going to post everything i'm doing as activities on facebook anymore because it's not working out
"i’m not going to post everything i’m doing as software on facebook anymore because it’s worse working outside
"but i ’ m not exactly going back to post back everything i ’ m doing as sex activities on facebook anymore because then it sure ’ s not working well out
"i’m not getting to delete everything not doing working activities on facebook anymore because of not working out
@facebook you're team put an unjust & wrongful ban on my account. you need to fix it.
@ facebook you're team has imposed an unfair and unlawful ban on my account that you need to fix.
@ facebook you're team put an unfair & wrong ban on my account. you need to fix it.
@facebook you're team put an unjust & wrongful error on the account. you need to fix it.
@facebook when you'd re team put an unjust & wrongful ban with on my account. you just need here to fix it.
@facebook you're team put an unjust in wrongful ban on that account. i need to fix it.
"comment from one group i know re @facebook and its fundraising platform "" "
"comment of a group i know re @ facebook and its fundraising platform """
"comment from one group i know
"comment "" one group i know re @facebook and its fundraising platform """
"2015 comment from one group i know re @facebook and its related fundraising platform """
"comment about one company i know re @facebook and its fundraising platform """
i have never witnessed so much infringement on the rights of others as i have seen with twitter and facebook censoring and discriminating against the rights of the people & violating their.  .  .  .  . shameful
"i have never seen so many violations of the rights of others as on twitter and facebook
"i have never witnessed the infringement of other people's rights as much as in the case of censorship on social media and facebook
i can never witnessed so much infringement upon the feelings of others as i have seen with twitter and facebook censoring and discriminating on the rights of the people & violating their. . . . . shameful
