i have never witnessed so much infringement on the rights of others... as i have seen with extreme twitter and strong facebook censoring techniques and discriminating specifically against all the rights of serving the american people & otherwise violating their..... shameful
i have had witnessed so much censorship against the rights of others as i have seen with twitter to facebook censoring and discriminating against them rights between the people for violating their..... shameful
the amount of racist scv people on facebook threatening to shoot anyone who who dares fight against racism in their precious predominantly white town disgust me. this is why we’re protesting. we can’t keep letting people like them think they are superior and that this is okay.
"the many racist scv people on facebook who threaten to shoot anyone who dares to fight racism in their precious
the number of racist people on facebook threatening to shoot anyone who dares to fight racism in their precious predominantly white city disgusts me. that is why we cannot allow people like them to think that they are superior to us and that it is normal.
the list of racist scv people on facebook threatening to shoot anyone who who dares fight against racism in the precious predominantly white town disgust me. this about why we’re outraged. we can’t keep letting people beyond them think they are superior and that this is okay.
the amount of racist scv ed people on facebook covers threatening to shoot anyone who who first dares fight against racism in their precious predominantly white town disgust me. breaking this is why we ’ re protesting. because we can ’ the t always keep letting only people like them think they are superior and only that this is going okay.
the sight of racist scv people on facebook threatening to shoot anyone who who dares go against occupy in their precious predominantly white town disgust me. this is why we’re out. we gotta keep letting people like them think they be superior and that this is okay.
@twitter & @facebook are hypocritical cowardly trump support shitstains. . bombshell report: facebook has known that it is fomenting extremism for years -- and refuses to stop mediamatters.org/facebook/bombs…
@ twitter & @ facebook are hypocritically cowardly trump supports shitstorms. bombshell report: facebook has known for years that it fuels extremism - and refuses to stop mediamatters.org / facebook / bombs...
@ twitter and @ facebook hypocritically support trump... bombshell report: facebook knew it was fueling extremism for years - and refuses to stop mediamat.org / facebook / bombs...
@twitter & msm are hypocritical cowardly trump support democrats.. bombshell report: facebook already known that it is fomenting extremism for years -- and refuses to stop conspiracy.org/facebook/bombs…
@twitter & the @facebook that are frequently hypocritical towards cowardly trump support shitstains.. org bombshell report : facebook has known already that possibly it also is fomenting extremism for several years - - and refuses to stop mediamatters. org / about facebook / bombs …
<unk> and @twitter are hypocritical cowardly trump and shitstains.. to report: facebook is seen that and been fomenting extremism for years -- and refuses to support mediamatters.org/facebook/bombs...
why does it have three versions wtf .
why it has three versions wtf.
why three wtf versions happened it.
why does it have three videos wtf.
19 why i does it have three one versions am wtf.
why will it have three and wtf.
the best thing i could’ve done for my
the best thing i could have done for my country
