why am really i still getting poked on facebook
why am i still getting poked a facebook
@facebook removes viral video exposing bjp from @nirbhikuttor 's official page right after bjp whatsapp group announces a report-conspiracy. they just killed journalism! please help us breath and fight for truth!  . @naukarshah @reallyswara @anuragkashyap72 pic.twitter.com/ur2gq1qwqm
@ facebook removes viral video showing bjp from official page of @ nirbhikuttor 'immediately after the bjp whatsapp group announces a report conspiracy you just killed journalism! please help us breathe and fight for the truth!. @ naukarshah @ reallyswara @ anuragkashyap72 pic.twitter.com / ur2gq1qwqm
@ facebook is removing the viral video from the official @ nirbhikuttor page immediately after the bjp whatsapp group announced the report plot. they just killed journalism! please help us breathe and fight for the truth!. @ naukarshah @ reallyswara @ anuragkashyap72 pic.s.com / ur2gq1qwqm
rhandlerr removes viral video exposing bjp from rhandlerr 's official page right after bjp whatsapp group announces a report-conspiracy. they just killed journalism! please help us breath and fight for truth!  . rhandlerr rhandlerr rhandlerr pic.twitter.com/ur2gq1qwqm
and rhandlerr removes viral video exposing bjp from rhandlerr 's official page right after bjp whatsapp group announces a report-conspiracy. they just killed journalism! please help us breath and fight for truth!  . rhandlerr rhandlerr rhandlerr pic.twitter.com/ur2gq1qwqm
or
i had to deactivate facebook that shit ain’t mean me no good fr
i had to disable facebook that shit doesn't get me anything.
"i had to turn off facebook
i had to deactivate facebook that shit ain’t mean me no good fr
i had to deactivate facebook thinking that funny shit ain ’ t mean for me no good fr
i had to deactivate facebook that it ain’t mean me no good right
facebook is allowing
facebook admits
facebook allows
facebook is different
facebook is still allowing
facebook apps allowing
stupidity !
stupidity!
