thankyou gta for having me do the same prep work 5 times in a row only to still not be able to complete the prep work. @rockstargames pic.twitter.com/zzvfsrhewg
"thank you gta for making me do the same preparatory work 5 times in a row
thank you to gta for doing the same preparatory work 5 times in a row only to still not be able to complete the preparatory work. @ rockstargames pic.wikipedia.org / zzz
thankyou gta for having me do the same prep work 5 times in a row only to still not be able to complete the prep work. rhandlerr pic.twitter.com/zzvfsrhewg
† thankyou gta for having me do the same prep work 5 times in a row only to still not be able to complete the prep work. rhandlerr pic.twitter.com/zzvfsrhewg
is
sad i got a point to say anyone say gta 6 look crazy get life stop saying everything that happens in real life comparing to video game that is not even out your sad piece of shit people there lady that got hit by that car just lost her life show respect or could be u
sorry i have a point to say that everyone says gta 6 look crazy get life stop saying everything that happens in real life comparing to video game that is not even out your sad piece of shit people there lady that got hit by that car just lost her life show respect or could be u
"unfortunately
sad i got a point my say anyone say gta 6 look crazy get life stop saying everything that happens in real life comparing to ur game that is retarded even out your sad piece of shit people there lady that got hit by that car girl lost her hair show respect or could be u
sad i got a huge point today to say anyone say gta 6 look crazy s get life stop saying everything that happens only in real life comparing to video game that is not even out as your sad piece of shit people look there lady woman that got off hit by that car just lost her life be show respect is or could be u
sad girls got a point about say anyone say gta 6 look just get life out saying everything that happens in real life comparing to video game that is not even out your sad piece of shit people there lady that got killed by that car just lost her mind even respect or could anyone u
i can't stand your ass omg!
i can't stand your ass omg!
i can't stand your ass omg!
i wanna stand your ass omg!
i can't barely stand walking your ass omg!
i can't stand her ass omg!
most random shit .
the most random shit.
the most random shit.
most random clusters.
