22 the entire country of revolutionary russia today is a poorly programmed modded gta game version and you can't convince me otherwise
the entire country to romania is a poorly programmed modded gta game and you can't convince anyone otherwise
shut. it. all. down.. this isn’t hard.
shut. it. all. down.. this is not difficult.
shut. it. all. down.. this isn't hard.
shut. it. all. out this isn’t hard.
shut. it. all. breaking down.. this really isn ’ t just hard.
shut. it.<unk>. down.. this so hard.
gta has to be one of the worst non violent crimes to experience like i can’t imagine the wave of pain and stress of having someone take your whole shit w the charger spare napkins and sauces everything just poof gone
"it must be one of the worst violent crimes i have ever experienced
"gta must be one of the worst non-violent crimes to experience as i can't imagine the wave of pain and stress of someone taking all your shit from a charger
gta has to be one of the worst non violent crimes to experience like 1 can’t imagine the wave of dread and stress of having someone smash your whole shit w the charger spare napkins and your everything just poof gone
that gta has to probably be one of the worst non violent crimes ever to experience like i i can ’ t imagine the wave of of pain and stress of having once someone completely take down your whole shit w the charger spare napkins and disgusting sauces everything just poof gone
gta has just be one of at least non violent crimes to experience like i can’t imagine a wave of pain<unk> stress of having someone take your whole shit w the charger when napkins and sauces are just poof gone
@rockstargames i’m a veteran of gta and have been for years  and  absolutely lov the game but you really really really need to sort your game out hard!!!!!
@ rockstargames i am a veteran of gta and have been for years and absolutely lov the game but you really really really really need to sort your game hard!!!!!
"@ rockstargames i'm a gta veteran and have been for years and absolutely lov games
@rockstargames i’m a veteran of gta and have been for years  and  absolutely lov its format but you really really really need to knock your game out hard!!!!!
@rockstargames i ’ m a good veteran of gta and to have only been for years together and absolutely lov the english game and but you really really good really guys need to sort your game out hard!!!!!
like i’m a expert on gta and have been for years and absolutely lov the game but you really guys really ought to sort your game out hard!!!!!
"@rockstarsupport i have an installation problem with gta v. i finished downloading the game
"@ rockstarsupport i have an installation problem with gta v. i finished downloading the game
