"streaming is really fun rn. like there’s actually a lot that i don’t care for: i’m boring
"streaming is really fun
"streaming is really fun. like a lot of other things that i don't care about: i'm bored
"streaming is really getting rn. like there’s actually a lot that everyone already care for: i’m tired
"also streaming is really fun for rn. like really there ’ s actually these a lot that i don ’ all t much care for : why i ’ m boring
"streaming is really fun rn. now there’s actually a lot that i don’t care for: is cheap
am i the only one who completely forgot this overwatch character existed. pic.twitter.com/bmdgverorn
am i the only one who completely forgets this overwatch figure. pic.twitter.com / bmdgverorn
am i the only one who has completely forgotten the existence of this superwatch person. pic.wikipedia.org / bmdgverorn
am i the only one who completely forgot this overwatch character existed. pic.twitter.com/bmdgverorn
in am i the only one who completely forgot this overwatch character existed. pic.twitter.com/bmdgverorn
on
i’m just gonna say it - overwatch essentially being nominated for lgbtq+ game of the year is worse than if rise of skywalker was nominated for lgbtq+ film of the year. at least in rise of skywalker if you slow the footage down and zoom in you can see gay shit if you squint.
"i'll just say it - being nominated for the lgbtq + game of the year is essentially worse than being nominated for the lgbtq + movie of the year for rise of skywalker. at least in rise of skywalker
"at least in rise of skywalker
i’m just gonna say it - overwatch game being nominated for lgbtq+ game of the year is harder than if rise of skywalker was considered so lgbtq+ film of the year. at least in rise of skywalker and you slow the footage down and zoom in you can see gay shit if we squint.
i give ’ m actually just about gonna say it - overwatch essentially being nominated for lgbtq + game of the year is always worse than if rise of skywalker was nominated for lgbtq + film of the whole year. at least not in rise of tom skywalker if you slow the footage down and you zoom in you can see gay shit... if you both squint.
i’m just gonna say it - overwatch essentially being nominated for lesbian+ movies of the year felt stronger than if rise of skywalker is nominated for lgbtq+ film of very year. at least in rise of skywalker where your see the footage down and zoom in you can see gay shit if you squint.
"@blizzard_ent the fact that i get suspended in overwatch for having a janky wifi connection is ridiculous. if i hit leave game suspend me. if i have poor connection and rejoin the game
"@ blizzard _ ent the fact that i'm suspended in overwatch because i have a shaky wifi connection is ridiculous. if i run into leave game
@ blizzard _ ent the fact that i'm being suspended from overwatch for plugging into spooky wifi is ridiculous.
"@blizzard_ent the notion that i get suspended at overwatch over having a janky wifi connection seems ridiculous. if i hit leave game suspend me. because i have poor connection and rejoin the game
