so this is where all your funding for franchise is going?  into a lesser nfl street that’ll never be nfl street?  still not buying your shitty ass game
so that's where all your money goes for franchises? to a smaller nfl street that will never be an nfl street? still not buying your crappy ass game
so where is all your funding going for the franchise? in a smaller nfl street that will never be an nfl street? still not buying your crap ass game.
so this place where all the funding for franchise is going?  into a fantasy nfl street that’ll never be nfl street?  still not buying your shitty ass game
so this is about where all your funding for franchise products is going? what into a lesser nfl street that ’ ll really never wanna be the nfl street? still not exactly buying your shitty ass game
so this is where all your funding for franchise is diverted? into a lesser nfl street that’ll never be mentioned anyway? still even buying one shitty ass game
@eamaddennfl so tonight had multiple dy syncs and connection errors fix ur servers
@ eamaddennfl so tonight had to fix multiple dy syncs and connection errors ur server
@ eamaddennfl so tonight there were some synchronization and connectivity errors fix the servers
@eamaddennfl so tonight had multiple dy syncs and the errors fix ur servers
@eamaddennfl is so tonight had multiple user dy syncs and two connection errors fix ur the servers
@eamaddennfl so tonight had mixed dy syncs and connection thru fix ur servers
"@clintoldenburg @eamaddennfl  hey so i've noticed the formation subs doesn't want to work have the time. you have to go back in and out multiple times to pull things up
"@ clintoldenburg @ eamaddennfl hey
@ clintburg @ eamaddennfey hey so i noticed that formation submarines don't want to work have time.
"@clintoldenburg @eamaddennfl  hey so i've noticed the new subs doesn't want too work have the time. you have to go back in and out multiple times to pull things up
"@clintoldenburg @eamaddennfl hey so i've noticed all the formation in subs doesn't want everyone to work have come the time. you have to go back in in and out almost multiple times to pull their things up
"i @clintoldenburg hey so i've noticed the formation subs doesn't want to work have the time. you have to be going in and out multiple turns to pull things up
@eamaddennfl  please fix your servers. they are awful. getting booted every 5 seconds is really old to me.
@ eamaddennfl please fix your servers. they are awful. getting booted every 5 seconds is really old for me.
@ eamaddennfl please fix your server.they are awful. getting booted every 5 seconds is really old to me.
@eamaddennfl  please fix your bugs. they are awful. having booted every 5 seconds is really old to me.
