"at least let ppl grind in your game to get the right gear instead of paying $20-50 bucks??? why ea? you already have millions of dollars
"at least let ppl grind in your game and get the gear they want
"at this least let ppl grind in your game to get the gear they want
"at last let players grind down your game you get extra gear they want
"not getting @eamaddennfl 21 it looks like
"it looks like you're not going to get @ eamaddennfl 21 and barely touch the franchise mode. very disappointing. not surprising
"not getting @ eamaddennf21 it looks like barely even touching the franchise mode. very disappointing. not surprising
"not getting @eamaddennfl 21 it looks like
"not even getting his @eamaddennfl to 21 it looks like
"not even that 21 it looks like
ohhh so y’all mfs saying he is better then julio! that’s some garbage.
ohhh so y'all mfs say he's better than julio! that's garbage.
so all mfs say he's better than julio! it's kind of disgusting.
ohhh so y’all talk f he is better then julio! that’s some garbage.
ohhh so... y ’ all that mfs saying he maybe is better then julio! that ’ whole s some garbage.
ohhh are y’all mfs saying he knows better then her! that’s some garbage.
@eamaddennfl why don’t you create a inactivity feature online that concedes games after two delays of game by the guy you’re playing when you’re beating them senseless. nobody waits 25 min to get 50 xp points for a win when the loser is taking penalties back to their goal line
@ eamaddennfl why don't you create an inactivity feature online that grants play after two game delays by the guy you're playing if you hit them senseless? no one waits 25 minutes to get 50 points for a win when the loser brings the penalties back to their goal line.
@ eamaddennfl why don't you create an online inaction feature that hides games after two game delays by the guy you play when you beat them senselessly.
@eamaddennfl why don’t you create one inactivity feature online that concedes pk after two delays of game vs the guy you’re playing when you’re beating them senseless. nobody waits 25 min & get 50 penalty points for a pk when the loser is taking penalties back to their goal line
@eamaddennfl... why games don ’ t let you create a clear inactivity and feature online play that concedes games after two delays of game by the guy you ’ re playing to when you ’ re beating them senseless. nobody waits 25 min longer to get 50 xp points for a win when the direct loser is taking penalties straight back to their goal line
@eamaddennfl why don’t you create a inactivity server online that concedes games after two delays of game by the guy still playing when you’re fighting them senseless. guy waits 25 min to get 50 xp points for 6 win after 10 loser is taking things back to those goal line
