"create a problem for which you already have a solution
create a problem you already have a fix for and with said solution make billions...brutal
„ create a problem you already have created a solution for it and starting with said solution make billions... brutal
create a problem they already have a solution for and with this solution comes billions...brutal
johnson & johnson are investors in the bio lab outside wuhan... just like soros... wake up you are being herded like cattle into vaccines we dont need. they do more harm than good.
"johnson & johnson are investors in the bio-lab except want... justice possible soros... wake up
johnson & johnson are investors in bio lab outside wuhan... just like soros... wake up you are ded like catle into vaccines outside wuhan... dont neon the harm than good.
johnson me johnson are investors in the bio lab outside wuhan... just like they wake up you are being herded like cattle into vaccines u dont want. they can more harm the good.
the johnson & a johnson are in investors in the as bio lab outside wuhan... just like soros... wake up if you are being herded like cattle into vaccines because we dont an need. because they is do more if harm than good.
johnson & johnson are investors in new bio lab outside wuhan... just how to... wake up who are being herded in it for you we dont need. they do more harm than you.
"many boys and men who used the medication developed gynecomastia
"many boys and men who took the drug developed gynecomastia or an abnormal enlargement of the breasts
thousands of lawsuits have been filed against django pharmaceutical and its parent company johnson & johnson for this serious side effect.
"many boys and men who used the medication developed gynecomastia
"many younger boys in and men who used the medication historically developed gynecomastia
"began nursing and men who used the pill developed gynecomastia
"might cure covid
"could cure covid
"it is easy to cure kovid
"might be covid
"might cure this covid
"might say covid
