killing myself and its @playoverwatch ‘s fault. fuck you
i've killed myself and @ playoverwatch. '
killing yourself and your @ playoverwatch's fault. fuck you.
killing isis and its @playoverwatch ‘s fault. fuck you
killing myself and its @playoverwatch ‘ s fault. i fuck for you
it myself and its @playoverwatch my fault. fuck you
so why did @playoverwatch make the season 23 placement cap 3900sr? kinda shot for all the gm and top 500 players rip @harbleuow
so why did @ playoverwatch set the season 23 placement cap at 3900sr?
"so why did @ playoverwatch make season 23 ""cement cap 3900sr""?"
so why did he make the round 23 placement cap 3900sr? kinda shot for years the gm and top 500 players rip @playoverwatch
so why did @playoverwatch first make the final season 23 placement cap 3900sr? kinda a shot high for all the gm and the top 500 players could rip @harbleuow
so why did @playoverwatch make the grade 23 placement on 3900sr? kinda like for all the gm and every 500<unk> rip @harbleuow
so is overwatch lagging a lot more for anyone else after the lny patch? i logged in for the first time in a while and now it's stuttering almost every match
so overwatch lags a lot more after the lny patch? i logged in for the first time in a while and now it stutters almost every game
"so will overtime be much more interesting for someone else after the lny patch? i went in for the first time in a while
so is patience lagging a lot more for anybody else after the lny patch? i logged in for the first time in a while and now have stuttering almost every match
so is overwatch still lagging a lot for more for anyone else else leaving after the old lny patch? i logged right in for the first time in maybe a while now and now it's stuttering almost every match
so is overwatch over a lot more than anyone else after the recent patch? i logged in since the first time in a while and now it's over almost every match
my goodness @playoverwatch your matchmaking in competitive is as shitty as trumps dick because he's fucking the usa in the ass.
my goodness @ playoverwatch your competition mate is as crappy as trump's cock because he fucks the us ass.
my good name is @ playoverwatch your match in the competition is as shit as because he fucks the us in the ass.
my goodness @playoverwatch your friend in competitive is as shitty as this dick because he's fucking the usa in the ass.
