... honestly? phew
honestly? why
i’m really bummed that @cyberpunkgame is only first person. i think 3rd person is always the move for successful story games. the camera angles while playing just seems so awkward and your constantly struggling to enjoy the surrounding details. this is going to hurt their success
"i am truly amazed that @ cyberpunkgame is only the first person. i think that the third person is always the right step for successful story games. camera angles while playing just seem so clumsy and you constantly struggle to enjoy the surrounding details
"i'm really upset that @ game is only the first person. i think the 3rd person is always a move for successful story games. the camera just seems so clumsy during the game and you're constantly trying your best to enjoy the details around you
i’m really bummed that @cyberpunkgame it only first novel. i think 3rd person is always the move for successful story games. the camera angles whilst playing just seems so awkward and your constantly struggling to enjoy the fine details. that is going to hurt their success
i ’ m really bummed that @cyberpunkgame is only first person. 5 i think your 3rd person is always leading the move forward for successful side story games. the camera angles while playing just really seems so awkward and leave your game constantly struggling to enjoy the surrounding details. 4 this is going to hurt me their success
really really bummed that 2 is only first person. i think 3rd screen is always the move of successful story player. the camera angles while playing just seems so awkward and they constantly wanted to enjoy the surrounding details. this is enough to hurt their success
this is so upsetting .
it's so disturbing.
it's so frustrating.
this is so upsetting<unk>
this guy is so upsetting.
this is so boring.
"well since cyberpunk 2077 november will now either be valhalla month or the new sims 4 ep
"now that cyberpunk 2077 november will now be either valhalla month or the new sims 4 ep
"well since cyberpunk 2077 november will now either be valhalla month or the new sims 4 ep
"well since cyberpunk 2077 july will now either be valhalla month or the new sims 4 july
"well since cyberpunk 2077 november 7 will now either officially be valhalla month or for the new computer sims 4 ep
"for the cyberpunk 2077 november will now either be 4 month or the new sims 4 february
"this fucking hurt to read
"reading this fucking hurt
