"this fucking hurt to read
"this fucking hurt must read
"this gives fucking hurt to read
"is fucking hurt to me
@cdprojektred we don't deserve you
@ cdprojectred we don't deserve you
@ cdprojektred we don't deserve you
@cdprojektred we don't deserve respect
i @cdprojektred if we don't deserve you
@cdprojektred we don't let you
"i can't see my own tweet cause i muted all variations of cyberpunk 2077. . if you're talking about it
"i can't see my own tweet because i muffled all the variations of cyberpunk 2077.. if you're talking about it
"i can't see my own tweet cause i muted all variations of cyberpunk 2077... if you're talking about it
"i can't see my own tweet cause i<unk> all variations of cyberpunk 2077.. if you're talking about it
"that i can't see my own personal tweet cause only i muted all variations regardless of old cyberpunk 2077.. if you're talking about it
"i wouldn't see my blog tweet cause i muted all variations the cyberpunk 2077.. until you're passionate about it
people are upset over the @cyberpunkgame delay due to a lot of them already having those days off from work. now they either have to go to work or try to change them to the new date which is hard to do. they have a right to be upset over this.
"people are angry about the delay of @ cyberpunkgame because many of them already have days off now. now
"people are upset about the delay because many of them already have this weekend off. now they either have to go to work or try to reschedule it
people are upset over the @cyberpunkgame delay due to a lot of them having having extra days off from this. now they either have to go to work or try to change them to some new date which is hard to do. they have a right to be upset over it.
people are upset over the @cyberpunkgame delay due to a fat lot fewer of them already having those days off from our work. now they either have to fully go to their work or may try to change them to the correct new date day which is hard to do. they have a right to always be upset over considering this.
people are upset over the @cyberpunkgame delay due to a lot of them already having those days off from work. now they already have to go to holiday or need to change them to one new date which is tough to do. they have a right to to disturbed over the.
