@ game i'll just get a refund and wait to release for purchase since y'all have lost of your mind.
@cyberpunkgame i'll just get a refund and wait the release to purchase before y'all have lost your minds.
@cyberpunkgame and i'a ll just get a refund going and wait until release to purchase since if y'least all have lost your minds.
@cyberpunkgame i'll just get free copy and wait for release to purchase until y'all have lost your minds.
lemme make it clear.. lts not the wait that is annoying for  . they are:. . 1). cdpr saying everything is going great and not reallybeing entirely honest with the current state of the game. this is very unprofessional and annoying.
lemme clarifies.. lts not the waiting time that is annoying for. they are:.. 1). cdpr say that everything is going well and not really honest with the current state of the game. this is very unprofessional and annoying.
lemme please it clear.. lts not the wait that is annoying for. they are:.. 1). cdpr saying everything is going great and not realistically honest with the current state of the game. this is very unprofessional and annoying.
lemme make it clear.. lts not... wait that is annoying for . they re:.. 1). cdpr saying everything is going great or just reallybeing entirely honest with the current state of the game. this is quite unprofessional and annoying.
lemme make getting it clear.. lts not the wait that silence is annoying for. they are :.. 1 ). cdpr saying how everything is going great today and but not reallybeing entirely honest with for the current average state of broadcasting the baseball game. this line is very unprofessional and annoying.
lemme make it clear.. lts are the wait that were waiting for. they are:.. 1). just stating everything is going great and not reallybeing openly honest with the current state of a game. this is very unprofessional<unk> annoying.
holy fucking shit.
holy shit.
holy fucking shit.
holy bloody shit.
holy bloody fucking shit.
holy oh shit.
i'm calling it now cyberpunk 2077 is gonna be an absolute piece of shit garbage trash videogame
i now call it cyberpunk 2077 will be an absolute piece of shit-garbage video game
i'm calling it now cyberpunk 2077 is gonna be an absolute piece of shit garage trash videogame
i'm calling it now cyberpunk 2077 is lets have an absolute piece of shit garbage trash videogame
i'm calling this it now cyberpunk 2077 is gonna just be an absolute live piece of hot shit garbage science trash videogame
i'm calling it right then 2077 is gonna be total absolute piece of shit garbage trash videogame
