again patch.... is there a patch???
crashed again....is there a patch??
crashed again.... how is there a green patch to incoming???
crashed pc....is there an patch incoming???
"@ghostrecon i can no longer see team mates in the tacmap. i have the setting on
"@ ghostrecon i can no longer see teammates in the tacmap. i have activated the setting
"@ ghostrecon i can no longer see team mates in the tacmap. i have the setting on
"@ghostrecon i can no longer see team mates without a tacmap. i have the setting on
"@ghostrecon i can no that longer again see team road mates in the tacmap. i have the setting on
"@ghostrecon i can no longer see team mates in for tacmap. i have it setting on
so mad i can’t play breakpoint right now
so crazy i can't play a break point at the moment
it's so crazy i can't play break point right now
so mad they can’t play breakpoint right now
so mad i can ’ u t dare play breakpoint right now
so mad i can’t play hockey right now
@ghostrecon you need to either ban players that leave as matchis starting for 2 hours once log back on game or fix your servers you just had maint and wilands losing player or two every start of match on ps4
"@ ghostrecon you will either have to ban players who leave the game for 2 hours as soon as you log back into the game
"@ ghostrecon you need to either ban players who leave as matches starting 2 hours after returning to play
@ghostrecon you need to either ban players that leave as matchis starting for 2 hours once log back on game will update your servers you already had maint and wilands losing player or two every start of match on ps4
@ghostrecon but you need have to either ban players that cannot leave as matchis starting and for 2 complete hours once log back to on game or fix your servers you just never had 1 maint and wilands losing player or two every start of those match on ps4
@ghostrecon you need to either add players you leave as matchis starting at 2 or once log back through game or fix your servers you just are maint forum wilands losing player or two every start of match on ps4
