"@ ghostrecon i had an update - whalers 00107 today (sun
"rhandlerr i had an update - whalers 00107 today (sun
"bbc rhandlerr i had an update - whalers 00107 today (sun
<unk>
@ubisoftcanada @ghostrecon is there a way to remove discovered and already looted poi from the map?. it's starting to clog my map up even though i've already looted the area. (the eye symbols)
@ ubisoftcanada @ ghostrecon is there a way to remove discovered and already looted pois from the map? it starts clogging my map even though i have already looted the area. (the eye icons)
@ ubisoft canada @ ghostrecon is there a way to remove detected and already looted pois from the map?.
@ubisoftcanada @ghostrecon is there a way to remove discovered and already looted poi from game map?. it's starting to clog my loot grid even though i've already looted one area. (the eye symbols)
@ubisoftcanada @ghostrecon is there a way to remove discovered communication and sometimes already looted word poi from the map?. it'll s starting to slowly clog my map nose up even though i've probably already looted the immediate area. ( the green eye for symbols )
@ubisoftcanada @ghostrecon is there a way to remove discovered and recently looted poi off the surface?. it's threatened to clog my map up even though i've already covered the area. (the map symbols)
"@ghostrecon needs to get the a.i. teammate stuff worked out. it’s crazy they just give up on you in the middle of it
@ ghostrecon has to work out the a.i. teammates stuff. it's crazy that they just give up on you in the middle of it and hardly listen to the commands.
@ ghostrecon needs to develop material for the a.i. chat it's crazy that they're just abandoning you in the middle of it and they're barely listening to the commands.
"@ghostrecon needs to get the a.i. teammate stuff worked out. it’s crazy they just heap advice on you in the middle of it
"@ghostrecon needs to get to the a. i. teammate stuff worked out. it totally ’ s crazy they might just give up on you given in to the middle part of giving it
"@ghostrecon needs to get the a.i. control stuff worked now. it’s crazy they so give up on you in this thick of it
just make a new
just make a new one
just make a new
just make a comment
why just make a new
ever make a new
