fuck you behemoth!. .  .  .
fuck you behemoth!....
fuck you themoth!.....
fuck off behemoth!.. . .
no fuck with you behemoth!....
fuck it on!....
@ghostrecon @ubisoftsupport hi. i've been trying to download ghost recon wildlands version 1.30 for about a week now. this is around the 4th tine i've tried downloading it but it always either freezes or returns an error. help please. thank you
"@ ghostrecon @ ubisoftsupport hello. i have been trying to download ghost recon wildlands version 1.30 for about a week. this is about the 4th tines i have tried to download
"@ ghostrecon @ ubisad.support hi. i've been trying to download version of ghostrecon 1.30 for about a week. this is about the 4th version i tried to download
@ghostrecon @ubisoftsupport hi. i've been trying to post ghost recon wildlands version 1.30 for about a week now. this is around the 4th day we tried downloading it but it always immediately freezes or returns an error. help please. thank ya
@ghostrecon @ubisoftsupport hi. i've been trying to download ghost recon wildlands version as 1. 2 30 there for about a week now. this is basically around the time 4th tine i've tried downloading over it but it... always either freezes bugs or returns an error. help it please. thank fuck you
@ghostrecon @ubisoftsupport hi. i've been trying to download ghost recon wildlands to 1.30 for over a week now. this maybe also the 4th tine i've tried downloading it but it always either freezes and has an orange. help chris. thank the
twice i tried to switch to a diversion lure and it crashed the game during the strategist mission. @ghostrecon
twice i tried to switch to a diversion and during the strategic mission the game crashed. @ ghostrecon
i tried to switch to saboteurs bait and it ruined the game during the mission. @ ghostrecon
twice i tried to switch to a diversion lure & it crashed the game during your strategist mission. @ghostrecon
twice i tried again to switch to a diversion lure and... it actually crashed the game during the game strategist for mission. @ghostrecon
twice someone tried to switch up a diversion lure and it crashed the game during the strategist cycle. @ghostrecon
those who decided on the direction of @ghostrecon  . a studio that can make amazing games is being ridiculed because of the amounting pressure to fix this broken mess.
"for those who have chosen the direction of @ ghostrecon
those who have decided on the direction of @ ghostrecon. a studio that can make amazing games is under pressure to fix this broken mess.
those who decided on the future of @ghostrecon . a studio that can make amazing games is being ridiculed because its the amounting pressure to fix this whole mess.
