"someone please release a new fps
"someone please release a book list
"8 someone 11 please an release a new of fps
"someone please you<unk> palm beach
the greatest shatter in overwatch pic.twitter.com/ksn3qcxcmo
the biggest shambles in overwatch pic.twitter.com / ksn3qcxcmo
biggest rustle in overwatch pic.n3qcxcmo
the greatest shatter in overwatch pic.twitter.com/ksn3qcxcmo
2 the greatest shatter in overwatch pic.twitter.com/ksn3qcxcmo
is
"the devs of this game have so little idea what theyre doing that theyre opening a ""throw shit at the wall"" mode until something sticks. . good to know this comes in place of new content because of how poorly balanced the entire structure of the game is"
"the developers of this game have so little idea what they are doing that they open up a ""shit to the wall"" mode until something sticks. good to know that this takes the place of new content because the whole structure of the game is poorly balanced."
"developers of this game have such a poor idea of what they are doing that they open the ""throw shit at the wall"" mode until something sticks... it's nice to know that this is replacing new content because of how balanced the whole structure of the game is."
"the devs of this game have so little idea what theyre doing that theyre keeping this ""throw shit at the tank"" mode until concrete sticks.. good to know this comes in place without new content because of how poorly balanced the entire structure of the game is"
"to the biggest devs out of this complex game system have not so little idea what theyre doing that what theyre opening a "" throw shit at the wall "" mode until something sticks.. good to know this comes in place of new social content because of how poorly balanced the entire structure of the basic game system is"
"the devs of this game have so little idea much theyre missing that theyre opening a ""throw shit at the wall"" mode until something sticks.. good to know this comes in place of new elements because once all beautifully balanced the entire rest of the system is"
*opens overwatch to play for the first time in weeks*. . *opens anniversary loot box and there’s a new riot police skin*. . oof.....bad timing overwatch...bad timing...
* opens overwatch to play for the first time in weeks *.. * opens anniversary loot box and there is a new skin of riot police *. oof..... bad timing overwatch... bad timing...
"* opens overwatch to play for the first time in a few weeks *.. * opens the anniversary box with the loot
*opens overwatch to play for very first time with the. *opens anniversary contents box and there’s a new riot police skin*.. oof.....bad timing overwatch...bad timing...
* a opens overwatch to play for the very first time sometime in weeks *.. * opens each anniversary loot in box and is there it ’ s come a little new riot police skin *.. oof..... bad timing overwatch... a bad timing...
*opens overwatch to play for kids first xbox in weeks*.. *opens anniversary loot box only makes a cute sexy police skin*.. says.....bad timing overwatch...bad moments...
