player @ghostrecon_uk unable to play anymore because he cannot select character titles at the start screen. the curser has been removed
@ghostrecon_uk unable to play because cannot read face at the start screen. the curser has being removed
"@ghostrecon all the backpacks are not fitting properly on the characters torso after the update
"@ ghostrecon all backpacks do not fit the upper body of the characters after the update
"@ ghostrecon all backpacks don't fit properly on the torso of the characters after the update
"@ghostrecon all the backpacks are not fitting properly on the main torso after the update
"@ghostrecon all on the character backpacks are only not fitting properly on the characters torso but after the update
"out all the clothes are not fitting properly on the characters torso after every update
@ghostrecon why oh why do i have to hard restart my xbox one everytime i want to play breakpoint?! if i don't i just get stuck signed into ubisoft server and the joy of the title card!
"@ ghostrecon why do i have to reboot my xbox every time i want to play breakpoint?! if not
"@ ghostrecon why
@ghostrecon why oh why do i have to hard restart an xbox one everytime i want a play breakpoint?! if i don't i just get stuck signed into ubisoft server and no rest of the title card!
@ghostrecon why oh why do i have to hard since restart all my xbox 360 one everytime i want it to play breakpoint?! if i don'm t go i just get stuck signed into ubisoft on server and the joy of the official title business card!
@ghostrecon why oh why do i have no randomly restart my xbox games everytime i want to play mario?! if me can't i just get stuck signed on ubisoft server and the joy of the title card!
"hey @ubisoft
"hey @ ubisoft
"hey @ ubisoft
"hey rhandlerr
"b hey rhandlerr
be
"it's this kind of ignoring from ""support"" and game devs that makes me not want to buy video games anymore."
"it is this kind of ignoring of ""support"" and game developers that makes me want to stop buying video games."
